## Ore Dictionary Info                      ##
##############################################
## In the form:                             ##
## <ore dictionary entry>                   ##
##     <item id registered> - <item damage> ##
##     etc...                               ##
##############################################
artisansAthame
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any


artisansBeaker
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any


artisansBurner
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any


artisansCarver
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any


artisansChisel
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any


artisansCompass
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any


artisansCutters
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any


artisansCuttingBoard
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any


artisansDriver
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any


artisansFile
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any


artisansFramingHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansGemCutter
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any


artisansGrimoire
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any


artisansGroover
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any


artisansHammer
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any


artisansHandsaw
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any


artisansHatchet
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any


artisansKnife
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any


artisansLens
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any


artisansMortar
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any


artisansNeedle
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any


artisansPan
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any


artisansPencil
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any


artisansPliers
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any


artisansPunch
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any


artisansQuill
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any


artisansRazor
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any


artisansShears
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any


artisansSifter
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any


artisansSolderer
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansSpanner
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any


artisansTSquare
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any


artisansToolAluminum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_aluminum - any


artisansToolBone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bone - any


artisansToolBoron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boron - any


artisansToolBoronnitride
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_boronnitride - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_boronnitride - any


artisansToolBronze
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_bronze - any


artisansToolConstantan
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_constantan - any


artisansToolCopper
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_copper - any


artisansToolDiamond
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_diamond - any


artisansToolElectrum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_electrum - any


artisansToolFlint
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_flint - any


artisansToolGold
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_gold - any


artisansToolHardcarbon
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_hardcarbon - any


artisansToolInvar
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_invar - any


artisansToolIron
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_iron - any


artisansToolLead
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_lead - any


artisansToolNickel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_nickel - any


artisansToolOsmium
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_osmium - any


artisansToolPlatinum
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_platinum - any


artisansToolSilver
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_silver - any


artisansToolSteel
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_steel - any


artisansToolStone
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_stone - any


artisansToolTin
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_tin - any


artisansToolToughalloy
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_toughalloy - any


artisansToolWood
artisanworktables:artisans_cutters_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_framing_hammer_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_handsaw_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_cutting_board_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pan_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_beaker_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_burner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pencil_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_tsquare_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_driver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_spanner_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_lens_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_sifter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_gemcutter_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_pliers_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_athame_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_grimoire_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_chisel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_carver_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_razor_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_compass_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_quill_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_needle_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_shears_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_punch_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_groover_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_mortar_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_knife_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_hatchet_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_file_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_solderer_wood - any


artisansTrowel
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_wood - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_stone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_iron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_gold - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_diamond - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_flint - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bone - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_aluminum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_bronze - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_constantan - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_copper - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_electrum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_invar - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_lead - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_nickel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_platinum - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_silver - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_steel - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_tin - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_osmium - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boron - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_toughalloy - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_hardcarbon - any
artisanworktables:artisans_trowel_boronnitride - any


ballMud
biomesoplenty:mudball - 0


blockAlubrass
tconstruct:metal - 5


blockAluminum


blockAlumite
plustic:alumiteblock - 0


blockAmber
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 7


blockAmethyst
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 0


blockArdite
tconstruct:metal - 1


blockAstralStarmetal


blockBoundMetal


blockBrass


blockBronze


blockCactus
minecraft:cactus - 0
minecraft:cactus - any


blockCandle
quark:candle - any


blockChaoticMetal


blockCharcoal
tcomplement:storage - 0
quark:charcoal_block - 0


blockClay
minecraft:clay - any


blockCoal
minecraft:coal_block - 0


blockCobalt
tconstruct:metal - 0


blockConstantan


blockCopper


blockCosmicNeutronium


blockCrystalMatrix


blockDarkMatter


blockDiamond
minecraft:diamond_block - 0


blockDraconicMetal


blockDraconium


blockDraconiumAwakened


blockElectrum


blockElectrumFlux


blockElvenElementium


blockEmerald
minecraft:emerald_block - 0


blockEnderium


blockEnergium


blockEssenceMetal


blockFluixSteel


blockFuelCoke


blockGelidEnderium


blockGlass
minecraft:glass - 0
minecraft:stained_glass - any
tconstruct:clear_glass - any
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - any


blockGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass - 15
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 15


blockGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 11
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 11


blockGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass - 12
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 12


blockGlassColorless
minecraft:glass - 0


blockGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass - 9
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 9


blockGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 7
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 7


blockGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass - 13
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 13


blockGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass - 3
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 3


blockGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass - 8
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 8


blockGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass - 5
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 5


blockGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass - 2
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 2


blockGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass - 1
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 1


blockGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass - 6
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 6


blockGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass - 10
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 10


blockGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass - 14
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 14


blockGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass - 0
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 0


blockGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass - 4
tconstruct:clear_stained_glass - 4


blockGold
minecraft:gold_block - 0


blockInfinity


blockInvar


blockIridium


blockIron
minecraft:iron_block - 0


blockKnightslime
tconstruct:metal - 3


blockLapis
minecraft:lapis_block - 0


blockLead


blockLumium


blockMalachite
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 5


blockManasteel


blockManyullyn
tconstruct:metal - 2


blockMeat


blockMeatRaw
biomesoplenty:flesh - 0


blockMetal
minecraft:iron_block - 0
minecraft:gold_block - 0


blockMossy
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone - any
minecraft:stonebrick - 1


blockMud
biomesoplenty:mud - 0


blockNickel


blockOsmium


blockPeridot
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 2


blockPigiron
tconstruct:metal - 4


blockPinkMetal


blockPlatinum


blockPrimordial


blockPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine - 0
quark:elder_prismarine - 0


blockPrismarineBrick
minecraft:prismarine - 1
quark:elder_prismarine - 1


blockPrismarineDark
minecraft:prismarine - 2
quark:elder_prismarine - 2


blockPrismarineElder
quark:elder_prismarine - 0


blockPrismarineElderBrick
quark:elder_prismarine - 1


blockPrismarineElderDark
quark:elder_prismarine - 2


blockQuartz
minecraft:quartz_block - 0


blockRedMatter


blockRedstone
minecraft:redstone_block - 0


blockRefinedGlowstone


blockRefinedObsidian


blockRubber


blockRuby
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 1


blockSapphire
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 6


blockSeared
tconstruct:seared - any


blockSentientMetal


blockSignalum


blockSilver


blockSkyStone


blockSlime
minecraft:slime - 0
minecraft:slime - any
tconstruct:slime - any
quark:color_slime - any


blockSlimeBlue
tconstruct:slime - 1
quark:color_slime - 1


blockSlimeCongealed
tconstruct:slime_congealed - any


blockSlimeCyan
quark:color_slime - 2


blockSlimeDirt
tconstruct:slime_dirt - any


blockSlimeGrass
tconstruct:slime_grass - any


blockSlimeGreen
tconstruct:slime - 0
minecraft:slime - 0


blockSlimeMagenta
quark:color_slime - 3


blockSlimeRed
tconstruct:slime - 3
quark:color_slime - 0


blockSlimeYellow
quark:color_slime - 4


blockSteel
tcomplement:storage - 1


blockSunnarium


blockTanzanite
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 4


blockTerrasteel


blockThaumium


blockTin


blockTopaz
biomesoplenty:gem_block - 3


blockTorch
minecraft:torch - 0


blockUUMatter


blockVoid


blockWyvernMetal


blockZinc


bone
minecraft:bone - 0


boneWithered
tconstruct:materials - 17


bookshelf
minecraft:bookshelf - 0
quark:custom_bookshelf - any


bookshelfAcacia
quark:custom_bookshelf - 3


bookshelfBirch
quark:custom_bookshelf - 1


bookshelfDarkOak
quark:custom_bookshelf - 4


bookshelfJungle
quark:custom_bookshelf - 2


bookshelfOak
minecraft:bookshelf - 0


bookshelfSpruce
quark:custom_bookshelf - 0


bread
minecraft:bread - 0


brickSkyStone


buttonWood
minecraft:wooden_button - 0
quark:spruce_button - 0
quark:birch_button - 0
quark:jungle_button - 0
quark:acacia_button - 0
quark:dark_oak_button - 0


cast
tconstruct:cast - any
tconstruct:cast_custom - any


chest
minecraft:chest - 0
minecraft:ender_chest - 0
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0
quark:custom_chest - any
quark:custom_chest_trap - any


chestEnder
minecraft:ender_chest - 0


chestTrapped
minecraft:trapped_chest - 0
quark:custom_chest_trap - any


chestWood
minecraft:chest - 0
quark:custom_chest - any


clay
minecraft:clay_ball - any


cobblestone
minecraft:cobblestone - 0


coinGarlic
harvestcraft:garliccoinitem - 0


cropAgave
harvestcraft:agaveitem - 0


cropAlmond
harvestcraft:almonditem - 0


cropAmaranth
harvestcraft:amaranthitem - 0


cropApple
minecraft:apple - 0


cropApricot
harvestcraft:apricotitem - 0


cropArrowroot
harvestcraft:arrowrootitem - 0


cropArtichoke
harvestcraft:artichokeitem - 0


cropAsparagus
harvestcraft:asparagusitem - 0


cropAvocado
harvestcraft:avocadoitem - 0


cropBambooshoot
harvestcraft:bambooshootitem - 0


cropBanana
harvestcraft:bananaitem - 0


cropBarley
harvestcraft:barleyitem - 0


cropBean
harvestcraft:beanitem - 0


cropBeet
minecraft:beetroot - 0
harvestcraft:beetitem - 0


cropBellpepper
harvestcraft:bellpepperitem - 0


cropBlackberry
harvestcraft:blackberryitem - 0


cropBlueberry
harvestcraft:blueberryitem - 0


cropBroccoli
harvestcraft:broccoliitem - 0


cropBrusselsprout
harvestcraft:brusselsproutitem - 0


cropCabbage
harvestcraft:cabbageitem - 0


cropCactusfruit
harvestcraft:cactusfruititem - 0


cropCandle
harvestcraft:candleberryitem - 0


cropCandleberry
harvestcraft:candleberryitem - 0


cropCantaloupe
harvestcraft:cantaloupeitem - 0


cropCarrot
minecraft:carrot - 0


cropCashew
harvestcraft:cashewitem - 0


cropCassava
harvestcraft:cassavaitem - 0


cropCauliflower
harvestcraft:caulifloweritem - 0


cropCelery
harvestcraft:celeryitem - 0


cropCherry
harvestcraft:cherryitem - 0


cropChestnut
harvestcraft:chestnutitem - 0


cropChickpea
harvestcraft:chickpeaitem - 0


cropChilipepper
harvestcraft:chilipepperitem - 0


cropCinnamon
harvestcraft:cinnamonitem - 0


cropCoconut
harvestcraft:coconutitem - 0


cropCoffee
harvestcraft:coffeebeanitem - 0


cropCorn
harvestcraft:cornitem - 0


cropCotton
harvestcraft:cottonitem - 0


cropCranberry
harvestcraft:cranberryitem - 0


cropCucumber
harvestcraft:cucumberitem - 0


cropCurryleaf
harvestcraft:curryleafitem - 0


cropDate
harvestcraft:dateitem - 0


cropDeathFruit


cropDragonfruit
harvestcraft:dragonfruititem - 0


cropDurian
harvestcraft:durianitem - 0


cropEdibleroot
harvestcraft:ediblerootitem - 0


cropEggplant
harvestcraft:eggplantitem - 0


cropElderberry
harvestcraft:elderberryitem - 0


cropFig
harvestcraft:figitem - 0


cropFlax
harvestcraft:flaxitem - 0


cropGarlic
harvestcraft:garlicitem - 0


cropGinger
harvestcraft:gingeritem - 0


cropGooseberry
harvestcraft:gooseberryitem - 0


cropGrape
harvestcraft:grapeitem - 0
harvestcraft:greengrapeitem - 0


cropGrapefruit
harvestcraft:grapefruititem - 0


cropGreengrape
harvestcraft:greengrapeitem - 0


cropHuckleberry
harvestcraft:huckleberryitem - 0


cropJackfruit


cropJicama
harvestcraft:jicamaitem - 0


cropJuniperberry
harvestcraft:juniperberryitem - 0


cropJute
harvestcraft:juteitem - 0


cropKale
harvestcraft:kaleitem - 0


cropKenaf
harvestcraft:kenafitem - 0


cropKiwi
harvestcraft:kiwiitem - 0


cropKohlrabi
harvestcraft:kohlrabiitem - 0


cropLeek
harvestcraft:leekitem - 0


cropLemon
harvestcraft:lemonitem - 0


cropLentil
harvestcraft:lentilitem - 0


cropLettuce
harvestcraft:lettuceitem - 0


cropLifeFruit


cropLime
harvestcraft:limeitem - 0


cropLychee


cropMango
harvestcraft:mangoitem - 0


cropMaplesyrup
harvestcraft:maplesyrupitem - 0


cropMillet
harvestcraft:milletitem - 0


cropMulberry
harvestcraft:mulberryitem - 0


cropMustard
harvestcraft:mustardseedsitem - 0


cropNetherWart
minecraft:nether_wart - 0


cropNutmeg
harvestcraft:nutmegitem - 0


cropOats
harvestcraft:oatsitem - 0


cropOkra
harvestcraft:okraitem - 0


cropOlive
harvestcraft:oliveitem - 0


cropOnion
harvestcraft:onionitem - 0


cropOrange
harvestcraft:orangeitem - 0


cropPapaya
harvestcraft:papayaitem - 0


cropParsnip
harvestcraft:parsnipitem - 0


cropPeach
biomesoplenty:peach - 0
harvestcraft:peachitem - 0


cropPeanut
harvestcraft:peanutitem - 0


cropPear
biomesoplenty:pear - 0
harvestcraft:pearitem - 0


cropPeas
harvestcraft:peasitem - 0


cropPecan
harvestcraft:pecanitem - 0


cropPeppercorn
harvestcraft:peppercornitem - 0


cropPersimmon
biomesoplenty:persimmon - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonitem - 0


cropPineapple
harvestcraft:pineappleitem - 0


cropPistachio
harvestcraft:pistachioitem - 0


cropPlum
harvestcraft:plumitem - 0


cropPomegranate
harvestcraft:pomegranateitem - 0


cropPotato
minecraft:potato - 0


cropPumpkin
harvestcraft:harvestpumpkinitem - 0
minecraft:pumpkin - 0


cropQuinoa
harvestcraft:quinoaitem - 0


cropRadish
harvestcraft:radishitem - 0


cropRaspberry
harvestcraft:raspberryitem - 0


cropRhubarb
harvestcraft:rhubarbitem - 0


cropRice
harvestcraft:riceitem - 0


cropRutabaga
harvestcraft:rutabagaitem - 0


cropRye
harvestcraft:ryeitem - 0


cropScallion
harvestcraft:scallionitem - 0


cropSeaweed
harvestcraft:seaweeditem - 0


cropSesame
harvestcraft:sesameseedsitem - 0


cropSisal
harvestcraft:sisalitem - 0


cropSoybean
harvestcraft:soybeanitem - 0


cropSpiceleaf
harvestcraft:spiceleafitem - 0


cropSpinach
harvestcraft:spinachitem - 0


cropStarfruit
harvestcraft:starfruititem - 0


cropStrawberry
harvestcraft:strawberryitem - 0


cropSunflower
harvestcraft:sunflowerseedsitem - 0


cropSweetpotato
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoitem - 0


cropTaro
harvestcraft:taroitem - 0


cropTea
harvestcraft:tealeafitem - 0


cropTomatillo
harvestcraft:tomatilloitem - 0


cropTomato
harvestcraft:tomatoitem - 0


cropTruffle


cropTurnip
harvestcraft:turnipitem - 0


cropVanillabean
harvestcraft:vanillabeanitem - 0


cropWalnut
harvestcraft:walnutitem - 0


cropWaterchestnut
harvestcraft:waterchestnutitem - 0


cropWheat
minecraft:wheat - 0


cropWhitemushroom
harvestcraft:whitemushroomitem - 0


cropWintersquash
harvestcraft:wintersquashitem - 0


cropZucchini
harvestcraft:zucchiniitem - 0


crystalAethium


crystalAmber


crystalApatite


crystalAquamarine


crystalCertusQuartz


crystalCrystalFlux


crystalDiamantine


crystalEmeraldic


crystalEnori


crystalErodium


crystalFluix


crystalGelid


crystalIonite


crystalKyronite


crystalLitherite


crystalLonsdaleite


crystalPalis


crystalPladium


crystalQuartzBlack


crystalRestonia


crystalVoid


denseoreAlubrass


denseoreAluminum


denseoreAlumite


denseoreArdite


denseoreBrass


denseoreBronze


denseoreCobalt


denseoreCopper


denseoreElectrum


denseoreGold


denseoreIron


denseoreKnightslime


denseoreLead


denseoreManyullyn


denseoreNickel


denseorePigiron


denseoreSilver


denseoreSteel


denseoreTin


denseoreZinc


denseorenull


dirt
minecraft:dirt - 0
biomesoplenty:dirt - 0
minecraft:dirt - any


doorWood
minecraft:acacia_door - 0
minecraft:birch_door - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_door - 0
minecraft:wooden_door - 0
minecraft:jungle_door - 0
minecraft:spruce_door - 0


dreamwood


dropHoney
harvestcraft:honeyitem - 0


dustAluminium


dustAluminum


dustAlumite


dustArdite


dustBrass


dustBronze


dustCobalt


dustCopper


dustGlowstone
minecraft:glowstone_dust - 0


dustGold


dustIron


dustKnightslime


dustLead


dustManganese


dustManyullyn


dustPigiron


dustPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_crystals - 0


dustRedstone
minecraft:redstone - 0


dustSalt
harvestcraft:saltitem - 0


dustSaltpeter


dustSilver


dustSteel


dustSulfur


dustSulphur


dustTin


dye
minecraft:dye - any


dyeBlack
minecraft:dye - 0
biomesoplenty:black_dye - 0
quark:root_dye - 1


dyeBlue
minecraft:dye - 4
biomesoplenty:blue_dye - 0
quark:root_dye - 0


dyeBrown
minecraft:dye - 3
biomesoplenty:brown_dye - 0


dyeCyan
minecraft:dye - 6


dyeGray
minecraft:dye - 8


dyeGreen
minecraft:dye - 2
biomesoplenty:green_dye - 0


dyeLightBlue
minecraft:dye - 12


dyeLightGray
minecraft:dye - 7


dyeLime
minecraft:dye - 10


dyeMagenta
minecraft:dye - 13


dyeOrange
minecraft:dye - 14


dyePink
minecraft:dye - 9


dyePurple
minecraft:dye - 5


dyeRed
minecraft:dye - 1


dyeWhite
minecraft:dye - 15
biomesoplenty:white_dye - 0
quark:root_dye - 2


dyeYellow
minecraft:dye - 11


egg
minecraft:egg - 0


elvenDragonstone


enderpearl
minecraft:ender_pearl - 0


endstone
minecraft:end_stone - 0


feather
minecraft:feather - 0


fenceGateWood
minecraft:fence_gate - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:birch_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence_gate - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:sacred_oak_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:cherry_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:umbran_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:fir_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:ethereal_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:magic_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:mangrove_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:palm_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:redwood_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:willow_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:pine_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:hellbark_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:jacaranda_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:mahogany_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:ebony_fence_gate - 0
biomesoplenty:eucalyptus_fence_gate - 0


fenceWood
minecraft:fence - 0
minecraft:spruce_fence - 0
minecraft:birch_fence - 0
minecraft:jungle_fence - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_fence - 0
minecraft:acacia_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:sacred_oak_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:cherry_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:umbran_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:fir_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:ethereal_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:magic_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:mangrove_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:palm_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:redwood_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:willow_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:pine_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:hellbark_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:jacaranda_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:mahogany_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:ebony_fence - 0
biomesoplenty:eucalyptus_fence - 0


fish
minecraft:fish - any


flourEqualswheat
minecraft:wheat - 0
harvestcraft:flouritem - 0


flowerBlueHydrangea
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 4


flowerBluebells
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 2


flowerBromeliad
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 11


flowerBurningBlossom
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 15


flowerClover
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 0


flowerDeathbloom
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 2


flowerEnderlotus
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 10


flowerGlowflower
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 3


flowerGoldenrod
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 1


flowerIcyIris
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 4


flowerLavender
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 0


flowerLilyOfTheValley
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 14


flowerMinersDelight
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 3


flowerOrangeCosmos
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 5


flowerPinkDaffodil
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 6


flowerPinkHibiscus
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 13


flowerRed
minecraft:red_flower - 0


flowerRose
biomesoplenty:flower_1 - 5


flowerSwampflower
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 1


flowerViolet
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 8


flowerWhiteAnemone
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 9


flowerWildflower
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 7


flowerWiltedLily
biomesoplenty:flower_0 - 12


flowerYellow
minecraft:yellow_flower - 0


foodAkutuq
harvestcraft:akutuqitem - 0


foodAlmondbutter
harvestcraft:almondbutteritem - 0


foodAnchovypepperonipizza
harvestcraft:anchovypepperonipizzaitem - 0


foodAnchovyraw
harvestcraft:anchovyrawitem - 0


foodApplecider
harvestcraft:applecideritem - 0


foodApplefritter
harvestcraft:applefritteritem - 0


foodApplejelly
harvestcraft:applejellyitem - 0


foodApplejellysandwich
harvestcraft:applejellysandwichitem - 0


foodApplejuice
harvestcraft:applejuiceitem - 0


foodApplepie
harvestcraft:applepieitem - 0


foodApplesauce
harvestcraft:applesauceitem - 0


foodApplesmoothie
harvestcraft:applesmoothieitem - 0


foodApplesnow
harvestcraft:applesnowitem - 0


foodAppleyogurt
harvestcraft:appleyogurtitem - 0


foodApricotglazedpork
harvestcraft:apricotglazedporkitem - 0


foodApricotjelly
harvestcraft:apricotjellyitem - 0


foodApricotjellysandwich
harvestcraft:apricotjellysandwichitem - 0


foodApricotjuice
harvestcraft:apricotjuiceitem - 0


foodApricotsmoothie
harvestcraft:apricotsmoothieitem - 0


foodApricotyogurt
harvestcraft:apricotyogurtitem - 0


foodAsparagusquiche
harvestcraft:asparagusquicheitem - 0


foodAsparagussoup
harvestcraft:asparagussoupitem - 0


foodAvocadoburrito
harvestcraft:avocadoburritoitem - 0


foodBabaganoush
harvestcraft:babaganoushitem - 0


foodBaconandeggs
harvestcraft:baconandeggsitem - 0


foodBaconcheeseburger
harvestcraft:baconcheeseburgeritem - 0


foodBaconmushroomburger
harvestcraft:baconmushroomburgeritem - 0


foodBaconpancakes
harvestcraft:baconpancakesitem - 0


foodBaconwrappedchili
harvestcraft:baconwrappedchiliitem - 0


foodBaconwrappeddates
harvestcraft:baconwrappeddatesitem - 0


foodBakedalaska
harvestcraft:bakedalaskaitem - 0


foodBakedbeans
harvestcraft:bakedbeansitem - 0


foodBakedbeets
harvestcraft:bakedbeetsitem - 0


foodBakedcactus
harvestcraft:bakedcactusitem - 0


foodBakedham
harvestcraft:bakedhamitem - 0


foodBakedturnips
harvestcraft:bakedturnipsitem - 0


foodBaklava
harvestcraft:baklavaitem - 0


foodBamboosteamedrice
harvestcraft:bamboosteamedriceitem - 0


foodBananamilkshake
harvestcraft:bananamilkshakeitem - 0


foodBanananutbread
harvestcraft:banananutbreaditem - 0


foodBananasmoothie
harvestcraft:bananasmoothieitem - 0


foodBananasplit
harvestcraft:bananasplititem - 0


foodBananayogurt
harvestcraft:bananayogurtitem - 0


foodBangersandmash
harvestcraft:bangersandmashitem - 0


foodBassraw
harvestcraft:bassrawitem - 0


foodBattenberg
harvestcraft:battenbergitem - 0


foodBatter
harvestcraft:batteritem - 0


foodBatteredsausage
harvestcraft:batteredsausageitem - 0


foodBbqchickenbiscuit
harvestcraft:bbqchickenbiscuititem - 0


foodBbqchickenpizza
harvestcraft:bbqchickenpizzaitem - 0


foodBbqjackfruit
harvestcraft:bbqjackfruititem - 0


foodBbqplatter
harvestcraft:bbqplatteritem - 0


foodBbqpotatochips
harvestcraft:bbqpotatochipsitem - 0


foodBbqpulledpork
harvestcraft:bbqpulledporkitem - 0


foodBbqsauce
harvestcraft:bbqsauceitem - 0


foodBeanburrito
harvestcraft:beanburritoitem - 0


foodBeansandrice
harvestcraft:beansandriceitem - 0


foodBeansontoast
harvestcraft:beansontoastitem - 0


foodBeefjerky
harvestcraft:beefjerkyitem - 0


foodBeefwellington
harvestcraft:beefwellingtonitem - 0


foodBeetburger
harvestcraft:beetburgeritem - 0


foodBeetsalad
harvestcraft:beetsaladitem - 0


foodBeetsoup
harvestcraft:beetsoupitem - 0


foodBentobox
harvestcraft:bentoboxitem - 0


foodBerry


foodBerrymeringuenest
harvestcraft:berrymeringuenestitem - 0


foodBerryvinaigrettesalad
harvestcraft:berryvinaigrettesaladitem - 0


foodBibimbap
harvestcraft:bibimbapitem - 0


foodBiscuit
harvestcraft:biscuititem - 0


foodBiscuitsandgravy
harvestcraft:biscuitsandgravyitem - 0


foodBlackberrycobbler
harvestcraft:blackberrycobbleritem - 0


foodBlackberryjelly
harvestcraft:blackberryjellyitem - 0


foodBlackberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:blackberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodBlackberryjuice
harvestcraft:blackberryjuiceitem - 0


foodBlackberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:blackberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodBlackberryyogurt
harvestcraft:blackberryyogurtitem - 0


foodBlackpaella
harvestcraft:blackpaellaitem - 0


foodBlackpepper
harvestcraft:blackpepperitem - 0


foodBlazingsoup
harvestcraft:blazingsoupitem - 0


foodBlt
harvestcraft:bltitem - 0


foodBlueberryjelly
harvestcraft:blueberryjellyitem - 0


foodBlueberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:blueberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodBlueberryjuice
harvestcraft:blueberryjuiceitem - 0


foodBlueberrymuffin
harvestcraft:blueberrymuffinitem - 0


foodBlueberrypancakes
harvestcraft:blueberrypancakesitem - 0


foodBlueberrypie
harvestcraft:blueberrypieitem - 0


foodBlueberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:blueberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodBlueberryyogurt
harvestcraft:blueberryyogurtitem - 0


foodBoiledegg
harvestcraft:boiledeggitem - 0


foodBologna
harvestcraft:bolognaitem - 0


foodBolognasandwich
harvestcraft:bolognasandwichitem - 0


foodBowlofrice
biomesoplenty:ricebowl - 0


foodBraisedonions
harvestcraft:braisedonionsitem - 0


foodBratwurst
harvestcraft:bratwurstitem - 0


foodBread
minecraft:bread - 0


foodBreadedporkchop
harvestcraft:breadedporkchopitem - 0


foodBreakfastburrito
harvestcraft:breakfastburritoitem - 0


foodBriochebun
harvestcraft:briochebunitem - 0


foodBroccolimac
harvestcraft:broccolimacitem - 0


foodBroccolindip
harvestcraft:broccolindipitem - 0


foodBrownie
harvestcraft:brownieitem - 0


foodBubbletea
harvestcraft:bubbleteaitem - 0


foodBubblywater
harvestcraft:bubblywateritem - 0


foodBulgogi
harvestcraft:bulgogiitem - 0


foodButter
harvestcraft:butteritem - 0


foodButtercookie
harvestcraft:buttercookieitem - 0


foodButteredpotato
harvestcraft:butteredpotatoitem - 0


foodButtertart
harvestcraft:buttertartitem - 0


foodCactusfruitjuice
harvestcraft:cactusfruitjuiceitem - 0


foodCactussoup
harvestcraft:cactussoupitem - 0


foodCalamaricooked
harvestcraft:calamaricookeditem - 0


foodCalamariraw
harvestcraft:calamarirawitem - 0


foodCaliforniaroll
harvestcraft:californiarollitem - 0


foodCandiedginger
harvestcraft:candiedgingeritem - 0


foodCandiedlemon
harvestcraft:candiedlemonitem - 0


foodCandiedpecans
harvestcraft:candiedpecansitem - 0


foodCandiedsweetpotatoes
harvestcraft:candiedsweetpotatoesitem - 0


foodCandiedwalnuts
harvestcraft:candiedwalnutsitem - 0


foodCantonesegreens
harvestcraft:cantonesegreensitem - 0


foodCantonesenoodles
harvestcraft:cantonesenoodlesitem - 0


foodCaramel
harvestcraft:caramelitem - 0


foodCaramelapple
harvestcraft:caramelappleitem - 0


foodCaramelcupcake
harvestcraft:caramelcupcakeitem - 0


foodCaramelicecream
harvestcraft:caramelicecreamitem - 0


foodCarpraw
harvestcraft:carprawitem - 0


foodCarrotcake
harvestcraft:carrotcakeitem - 0


foodCarrotcupcake
harvestcraft:carrotcupcakeitem - 0


foodCarrotjuice
harvestcraft:carrotjuiceitem - 0


foodCarrotsoup
harvestcraft:carrotsoupitem - 0


foodCashewbutter
harvestcraft:cashewbutteritem - 0


foodCashewchicken
harvestcraft:cashewchickenitem - 0


foodCassoulet
harvestcraft:cassouletitem - 0


foodCatfishraw
harvestcraft:catfishrawitem - 0


foodCeasarsalad
harvestcraft:ceasarsaladitem - 0


foodCeleryandpeanutbutter
harvestcraft:celeryandpeanutbutteritem - 0


foodCelerysoup
harvestcraft:celerysoupitem - 0


foodCeviche
harvestcraft:cevicheitem - 0


foodChaitea
harvestcraft:chaiteaitem - 0


foodChaoscookie
harvestcraft:chaoscookieitem - 0


foodCharrraw
harvestcraft:charrrawitem - 0


foodCharsiu
harvestcraft:charsiuitem - 0


foodCheddarandsourcreampotatochips
harvestcraft:cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem - 0


foodCheese
harvestcraft:cheeseitem - 0


foodCheeseburger
harvestcraft:cheeseburgeritem - 0


foodCheesecake
harvestcraft:cheesecakeitem - 0


foodCheesedanish
harvestcraft:cheesedanishitem - 0


foodCheeseontoast
harvestcraft:cheeseontoastitem - 0


foodCheesesteak
harvestcraft:cheesesteakitem - 0


foodCheesyshrimpquinoa
harvestcraft:cheesyshrimpquinoaitem - 0


foodCheezepuffs
harvestcraft:cheezepuffsitem - 0


foodCherrycheesecake
harvestcraft:cherrycheesecakeitem - 0


foodCherrycoconutchocolatebar
harvestcraft:cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem - 0


foodCherryicecream
harvestcraft:cherryicecreamitem - 0


foodCherryjelly
harvestcraft:cherryjellyitem - 0


foodCherryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:cherryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodCherryjuice
harvestcraft:cherryjuiceitem - 0


foodCherrypie
harvestcraft:cherrypieitem - 0


foodCherryslushie
harvestcraft:cherryslushieitem - 0


foodCherrysmoothie
harvestcraft:cherrysmoothieitem - 0


foodCherrysoda
harvestcraft:cherrysodaitem - 0


foodCherryyogurt
harvestcraft:cherryyogurtitem - 0


foodChestnutbutter
harvestcraft:chestnutbutteritem - 0


foodChickenandwaffles
harvestcraft:chickenandwafflesitem - 0


foodChickenbiscuit
harvestcraft:chickenbiscuititem - 0


foodChickencelerycasserole
harvestcraft:chickencelerycasseroleitem - 0


foodChickenchowmein
harvestcraft:chickenchowmeinitem - 0


foodChickencordonbleu
harvestcraft:chickencordonbleuitem - 0


foodChickencurry
harvestcraft:chickencurryitem - 0


foodChickendinner
harvestcraft:chickendinneritem - 0


foodChickengumbo
harvestcraft:chickengumboitem - 0


foodChickenkatsu
harvestcraft:chickenkatsuitem - 0


foodChickennoodlesoup
harvestcraft:chickennoodlesoupitem - 0


foodChickenpaella
harvestcraft:chickenpaellaitem - 0


foodChickenparmasan
harvestcraft:chickenparmasanitem - 0


foodChickenpotpie
harvestcraft:chickenpotpieitem - 0


foodChickensandwich
harvestcraft:chickensandwichitem - 0


foodChikoroll
harvestcraft:chikorollitem - 0


foodChili
harvestcraft:chiliitem - 0


foodChilichocolate
harvestcraft:chilichocolateitem - 0


foodChilicupcake
harvestcraft:chilicupcakeitem - 0


foodChilidog
harvestcraft:chilidogitem - 0


foodChilidonut
harvestcraft:chilidonutitem - 0


foodChilipoppers
harvestcraft:chilipoppersitem - 0


foodChimichanga
harvestcraft:chimichangaitem - 0


foodChipsanddip
harvestcraft:chipsanddipitem - 0


foodChipsandsalsa
harvestcraft:chipsandsalsaitem - 0


foodChocolatebacon
harvestcraft:chocolatebaconitem - 0


foodChocolatebar
harvestcraft:chocolatebaritem - 0


foodChocolatecaramelfudge
harvestcraft:chocolatecaramelfudgeitem - 0


foodChocolatecherry
harvestcraft:chocolatecherryitem - 0


foodChocolatecoconutbar
harvestcraft:chocolatecoconutbaritem - 0


foodChocolatecupcake
harvestcraft:chocolatecupcakeitem - 0


foodChocolatedonut
harvestcraft:chocolatedonutitem - 0


foodChocolateicecream
harvestcraft:chocolateicecreamitem - 0


foodChocolatemilk
harvestcraft:chocolatemilkitem - 0


foodChocolatemilkshake
harvestcraft:chocolatemilkshakeitem - 0


foodChocolateorange
harvestcraft:chocolateorangeitem - 0


foodChocolatepudding
harvestcraft:chocolatepuddingitem - 0


foodChocolateroll
harvestcraft:chocolaterollitem - 0


foodChocolatesprinklecake
harvestcraft:chocolatesprinklecakeitem - 0


foodChocolatestrawberry
harvestcraft:chocolatestrawberryitem - 0


foodChocolateyogurt
harvestcraft:chocolateyogurtitem - 0


foodChocovoxels
harvestcraft:chocovoxelsitem - 0


foodChorusfruitsoup
harvestcraft:chorusfruitsoupitem - 0


foodCinnamonappleoatmeal
harvestcraft:cinnamonappleoatmealitem - 0


foodCinnamonbread
harvestcraft:cinnamonbreaditem - 0


foodCinnamonroll
harvestcraft:cinnamonrollitem - 0


foodCinnamonsugardonut
harvestcraft:cinnamonsugardonutitem - 0


foodCinnamontoast
harvestcraft:cinnamontoastitem - 0


foodCitrussalad
harvestcraft:citrussaladitem - 0


foodClamchowder
harvestcraft:clamchowderitem - 0


foodClamcooked
harvestcraft:clamcookeditem - 0


foodClamraw
harvestcraft:clamrawitem - 0


foodCobblestonecobbler
harvestcraft:cobblestonecobbleritem - 0


foodCocoapowder
harvestcraft:cocoapowderitem - 0


foodCoconutcream
harvestcraft:coconutcreamitem - 0


foodCoconutmilk
harvestcraft:coconutmilkitem - 0


foodCoconutshrimp
harvestcraft:coconutshrimpitem - 0


foodCoconutsmoothie
harvestcraft:coconutsmoothieitem - 0


foodCoconutyogurt
harvestcraft:coconutyogurtitem - 0


foodCoffee
harvestcraft:coffeeitem - 0


foodCoffeeconleche
harvestcraft:coffeeconlecheitem - 0


foodCoffeecupcake
harvestcraft:coffeecupcakeitem - 0


foodColasoda
harvestcraft:colasodaitem - 0


foodColeslaw
harvestcraft:coleslawitem - 0


foodColeslawburger
harvestcraft:coleslawburgeritem - 0


foodCookiesandmilk
harvestcraft:cookiesandmilkitem - 0


foodCornbread
harvestcraft:cornbreaditem - 0


foodCornchips
harvestcraft:cornchipsitem - 0


foodCorndog
harvestcraft:corndogitem - 0


foodCornedbeef
harvestcraft:cornedbeefitem - 0


foodCornedbeefbreakfast
harvestcraft:cornedbeefbreakfastitem - 0


foodCornedbeefhash
harvestcraft:cornedbeefhashitem - 0


foodCornflakes
harvestcraft:cornflakesitem - 0


foodCornishpasty
harvestcraft:cornishpastyitem - 0


foodCornmeal
harvestcraft:cornmealitem - 0


foodCornonthecob
harvestcraft:cornonthecobitem - 0


foodCottagepie
harvestcraft:cottagepieitem - 0


foodCottoncandy
harvestcraft:cottoncandyitem - 0


foodCrabcooked
harvestcraft:crabcookeditem - 0


foodCrabkimbap
harvestcraft:crabkimbapitem - 0


foodCrabraw
harvestcraft:crabrawitem - 0


foodCracker
harvestcraft:crackeritem - 0


foodCrackers
harvestcraft:crackersitem - 0


foodCrackersandcheese
harvestcraft:crackersandcheeseitem - 0


foodCracklins
harvestcraft:cracklinsitem - 0


foodCranberrybar
harvestcraft:cranberrybaritem - 0


foodCranberryjelly
harvestcraft:cranberryjellyitem - 0


foodCranberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:cranberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodCranberryjuice
harvestcraft:cranberryjuiceitem - 0


foodCranberrysauce
harvestcraft:cranberrysauceitem - 0


foodCranberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:cranberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodCranberryyogurt
harvestcraft:cranberryyogurtitem - 0


foodCrawfishetoufee
harvestcraft:crawfishetoufeeitem - 0


foodCrayfishcooked
harvestcraft:crayfishcookeditem - 0


foodCrayfishraw
harvestcraft:crayfishrawitem - 0


foodCrayfishsalad
harvestcraft:crayfishsaladitem - 0


foodCreamcookie
harvestcraft:creamcookieitem - 0


foodCreamedbroccolisoup
harvestcraft:creamedbroccolisoupitem - 0


foodCreamedcorn
harvestcraft:creamedcornitem - 0


foodCreamofavocadosoup
harvestcraft:creamofavocadosoupitem - 0


foodCreepercookie
harvestcraft:creepercookieitem - 0


foodCreeperwings
harvestcraft:creeperwingsitem - 0


foodCrispyricepuffbars
harvestcraft:crispyricepuffbarsitem - 0


foodCrispyricepuffcereal
harvestcraft:crispyricepuffcerealitem - 0


foodCroissant
harvestcraft:croissantitem - 0


foodCucumbersalad
harvestcraft:cucumbersaladitem - 0


foodCucumbersandwich
harvestcraft:cucumbersandwichitem - 0


foodCucumbersoup
harvestcraft:cucumbersoupitem - 0


foodCurry
harvestcraft:curryitem - 0


foodCurrypowder
harvestcraft:currypowderitem - 0


foodCustard
harvestcraft:custarditem - 0


foodDamper
harvestcraft:damperitem - 0


foodDandelionsalad
harvestcraft:dandelionsaladitem - 0


foodDandeliontea
harvestcraft:dandelionteaitem - 0


foodDango
harvestcraft:dangoitem - 0


foodDatenutbread
harvestcraft:datenutbreaditem - 0


foodDelightedmeal
harvestcraft:delightedmealitem - 0


foodDeluxecheeseburger
harvestcraft:deluxecheeseburgeritem - 0


foodDeluxechickencurry
harvestcraft:deluxechickencurryitem - 0


foodDeluxenachoes
harvestcraft:deluxenachoesitem - 0


foodDeviledegg
harvestcraft:deviledeggitem - 0


foodDhal
harvestcraft:dhalitem - 0


foodDimsum
harvestcraft:dimsumitem - 0


foodDonut
harvestcraft:donutitem - 0


foodDough
harvestcraft:doughitem - 0


foodDriedsoup
harvestcraft:driedsoupitem - 0


foodDuckcooked
harvestcraft:duckcookeditem - 0


foodDuckraw
harvestcraft:duckrawitem - 0


foodDurianmilkshake
harvestcraft:durianmilkshakeitem - 0


foodDurianmuffin
harvestcraft:durianmuffinitem - 0


foodEarlgreytea
harvestcraft:earlgreyteaitem - 0


foodEelraw
harvestcraft:eelrawitem - 0


foodEggnog
harvestcraft:eggnogitem - 0


foodEggplantparm
harvestcraft:eggplantparmitem - 0


foodEggroll
harvestcraft:eggrollitem - 0


foodEggsalad
harvestcraft:eggsaladitem - 0


foodEggsbenedict
harvestcraft:eggsbenedictitem - 0


foodEggtart
harvestcraft:eggtartitem - 0


foodEnchilada
harvestcraft:enchiladaitem - 0


foodEnergydrink
harvestcraft:energydrinkitem - 0


foodEpicbacon
harvestcraft:epicbaconitem - 0


foodEpicblt
harvestcraft:epicbltitem - 0


foodEscargot
harvestcraft:escargotitem - 0


foodEspresso
harvestcraft:espressoitem - 0


foodEtonmess
harvestcraft:etonmessitem - 0


foodExtremechili
harvestcraft:extremechiliitem - 0


foodFairybread
harvestcraft:fairybreaditem - 0


foodFestivalbread
harvestcraft:festivalbreaditem - 0


foodFiestacornsalad
harvestcraft:fiestacornsaladitem - 0


foodFigbar
harvestcraft:figbaritem - 0


foodFigjelly
harvestcraft:figjellyitem - 0


foodFigjellysandwich
harvestcraft:figjellysandwichitem - 0


foodFigjuice
harvestcraft:figjuiceitem - 0


foodFigsmoothie
harvestcraft:figsmoothieitem - 0


foodFigyogurt
harvestcraft:figyogurtitem - 0


foodFilledhoneycomb
biomesoplenty:filled_honeycomb - 0


foodFirmtofu
harvestcraft:firmtofuitem - 0


foodFishandchips
harvestcraft:fishandchipsitem - 0


foodFishdinner
harvestcraft:fishdinneritem - 0


foodFishlettucewrap
harvestcraft:fishlettucewrapitem - 0


foodFishsandwich
harvestcraft:fishsandwichitem - 0


foodFishsticks
harvestcraft:fishsticksitem - 0


foodFishtaco
harvestcraft:fishtacoitem - 0


foodFivespice
harvestcraft:fivespiceitem - 0


foodFlour
harvestcraft:flouritem - 0


foodFootlong
harvestcraft:footlongitem - 0


foodFortunecookie
harvestcraft:fortunecookieitem - 0


foodFrenchtoast
harvestcraft:frenchtoastitem - 0


foodFriedbolognasandwich
harvestcraft:friedbolognasandwichitem - 0


foodFriedchicken
harvestcraft:friedchickenitem - 0


foodFriedegg
harvestcraft:friedeggitem - 0


foodFriedfeast
harvestcraft:friedfeastitem - 0


foodFriedgreentomatoes
harvestcraft:friedgreentomatoesitem - 0


foodFriedonions
harvestcraft:friedonionsitem - 0


foodFriedpecanokra
harvestcraft:friedpecanokraitem - 0


foodFriedrice
harvestcraft:friedriceitem - 0


foodFries
harvestcraft:friesitem - 0


foodFrogcooked
harvestcraft:frogcookeditem - 0


foodFroglegstirfry
harvestcraft:froglegstirfryitem - 0


foodFrograw
harvestcraft:frograwitem - 0


foodFrosteddonut
harvestcraft:frosteddonutitem - 0


foodFruit


foodFruitcake
harvestcraft:fruitcakeitem - 0


foodFruitcreamfestivalbread
harvestcraft:fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem - 0


foodFruitcrumble
harvestcraft:fruitcrumbleitem - 0


foodFruitpunch
harvestcraft:fruitpunchitem - 0


foodFruitsalad
harvestcraft:fruitsaladitem - 0


foodFutomaki
harvestcraft:futomakiitem - 0


foodGarammasala
harvestcraft:garammasalaitem - 0


foodGardensoup
harvestcraft:gardensoupitem - 0


foodGarlicbread
harvestcraft:garlicbreaditem - 0


foodGarlicchicken
harvestcraft:garlicchickenitem - 0


foodGarlicmashedpotatoes
harvestcraft:garlicmashedpotatoesitem - 0


foodGarlicsteak
harvestcraft:garlicsteakitem - 0


foodGeneraltsochicken
harvestcraft:generaltsochickenitem - 0


foodGherkin
harvestcraft:gherkinitem - 0


foodGigapickle
harvestcraft:gigapickleitem - 0


foodGingerbread
harvestcraft:gingerbreaditem - 0


foodGingerchicken
harvestcraft:gingerchickenitem - 0


foodGingeredrhubarbtart
harvestcraft:gingeredrhubarbtartitem - 0


foodGingersnaps
harvestcraft:gingersnapsitem - 0


foodGingersoda
harvestcraft:gingersodaitem - 0


foodGlazedcarrots
harvestcraft:glazedcarrotsitem - 0


foodGlisteningsalad
harvestcraft:glisteningsaladitem - 0


foodGooseberryjelly
harvestcraft:gooseberryjellyitem - 0


foodGooseberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:gooseberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodGooseberrymilkeshake
harvestcraft:gooseberrymilkshakeitem - 0


foodGooseberrypie
harvestcraft:gooseberrypieitem - 0


foodGooseberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:gooseberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodGooseberryyogurt
harvestcraft:gooseberryyogurtitem - 0


foodGourmetbeefburger
harvestcraft:gourmetbeefburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetbeefpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetbeefpattyitem - 0


foodGourmetmuttonburger
harvestcraft:gourmetmuttonburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetmuttonpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetmuttonpattyitem - 0


foodGourmetporkburger
harvestcraft:gourmetporkburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetporkpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetporkpattyitem - 0


foodGourmetvenisonburger
harvestcraft:gourmetvenisonburgeritem - 0


foodGourmetvenisonpatty
harvestcraft:gourmetvenisonpattyitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjelly
harvestcraft:grapefruitjellyitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjellysandwich
harvestcraft:grapefruitjellysandwichitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjellysmoothie
harvestcraft:grapefruitsmoothieitem - 0


foodGrapefruitjuice
harvestcraft:grapefruitjuiceitem - 0


foodGrapefruitsoda
harvestcraft:grapefruitsodaitem - 0


foodGrapefruityogurt
harvestcraft:grapefruityogurtitem - 0


foodGrapejelly
harvestcraft:grapejellyitem - 0


foodGrapejuice
harvestcraft:grapejuiceitem - 0


foodGrapesalad
harvestcraft:grapesaladitem - 0


foodGrapesmoothie
harvestcraft:grapesmoothieitem - 0


foodGrapesoda
harvestcraft:grapesodaitem - 0


foodGrapeyogurt
harvestcraft:grapeyogurtitem - 0


foodGravlax
harvestcraft:gravlaxitem - 0


foodGravy
harvestcraft:gravyitem - 0


foodGreenbeancasserole
harvestcraft:greenbeancasseroleitem - 0


foodGreeneggsandham
harvestcraft:greeneggsandhamitem - 0


foodGreenheartfish
harvestcraft:greenheartfishitem - 0


foodGreentea
harvestcraft:greenteaitem - 0


foodGrilledasparagus
harvestcraft:grilledasparagusitem - 0


foodGrilledcheese
harvestcraft:grilledcheeseitem - 0


foodGrilledcheesevegemitetoast
harvestcraft:grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem - 0


foodGrilledeggplant
harvestcraft:grilledeggplantitem - 0


foodGrilledmushroom
harvestcraft:grilledmushroomitem - 0


foodGrilledskewers
harvestcraft:grilledskewersitem - 0


foodGrits
harvestcraft:gritsitem - 0


foodGroiledcheesesandwich
harvestcraft:groiledcheesesandwichitem - 0


foodGroundbeef
harvestcraft:groundbeefitem - 0


foodGroundchicken
harvestcraft:groundchickenitem - 0


foodGroundcinnamon
harvestcraft:groundcinnamonitem - 0


foodGroundduck
harvestcraft:groundduckitem - 0


foodGroundfish
harvestcraft:groundfishitem - 0


foodGroundmutton
harvestcraft:groundmuttonitem - 0


foodGroundnutmeg
harvestcraft:groundnutmegitem - 0


foodGroundpork
harvestcraft:groundporkitem - 0


foodGroundrabbit
harvestcraft:groundrabbititem - 0


foodGroundturkey
harvestcraft:groundturkeyitem - 0


foodGroundvenison
harvestcraft:groundvenisonitem - 0


foodGrouperraw
harvestcraft:grouperrawitem - 0


foodGuacamole
harvestcraft:guacamoleitem - 0


foodGuiso
harvestcraft:guisoitem - 0


foodGumbo
harvestcraft:gumboitem - 0


foodGummybears
harvestcraft:gummybearsitem - 0


foodGyudon
harvestcraft:gyudonitem - 0


foodHaggis
harvestcraft:haggisitem - 0


foodHamandcheesesandwich
harvestcraft:hamandcheesesandwichitem - 0


foodHamandpineapplepizza
harvestcraft:hamandpineapplepizzaitem - 0


foodHamburger
harvestcraft:hamburgeritem - 0


foodHamsweetpicklesandwich
harvestcraft:hamsweetpicklesandwichitem - 0


foodHash
harvestcraft:hashitem - 0


foodHeartyBreakfast
harvestcraft:heartybreakfastitem - 0


foodHeavycream
harvestcraft:heavycreamitem - 0


foodHerbbutterparsnips
harvestcraft:herbbutterparsnipsitem - 0


foodHerringraw
harvestcraft:herringrawitem - 0


foodHoisinsauce
harvestcraft:hoisinsauceitem - 0


foodHolidaycake
harvestcraft:holidaycakeitem - 0


foodHomestylelunch
harvestcraft:homestylelunchitem - 0


foodHoneybread
harvestcraft:honeybreaditem - 0


foodHoneybun
harvestcraft:honeybunitem - 0


foodHoneycombchocolatebar
harvestcraft:honeycombchocolatebaritem - 0


foodHoneydrop
harvestcraft:honeyitem - 0


foodHoneyglazedcarrots
harvestcraft:honeyglazedcarrotsitem - 0


foodHoneyglazedham
harvestcraft:honeyglazedhamitem - 0


foodHoneylemonlamb
harvestcraft:honeylemonlambitem - 0


foodHoneysandwich
harvestcraft:honeysandwichitem - 0


foodHoneysoyribs
harvestcraft:honeysoyribsitem - 0


foodHotandsoursoup
harvestcraft:hotandsoursoupitem - 0


foodHotchocolate
harvestcraft:hotchocolateitem - 0


foodHotcocoa
harvestcraft:hotcocoaitem - 0


foodHotdishcasserole
harvestcraft:hotdishcasseroleitem - 0


foodHotdog
harvestcraft:hotdogitem - 0


foodHotsauce
harvestcraft:hotsauceitem - 0


foodHotwings
harvestcraft:hotwingsitem - 0


foodHummus
harvestcraft:hummusitem - 0


foodHushpuppies
harvestcraft:hushpuppiesitem - 0


foodIcecream
harvestcraft:icecreamitem - 0


foodImagawayaki
harvestcraft:imagawayakiitem - 0


foodImitationcrabsticks
harvestcraft:imitationcrabsticksitem - 0


foodIronbrew
harvestcraft:ironbrewitem - 0


foodJaffa
harvestcraft:jaffaitem - 0


foodJambalaya
harvestcraft:jambalayaitem - 0


foodJamroll
harvestcraft:jamrollitem - 0


foodJelliedeel
harvestcraft:jelliedeelitem - 0


foodJellybeans
harvestcraft:jellybeansitem - 0


foodJellydonut
harvestcraft:jellydonutitem - 0


foodJellyfishraw
harvestcraft:jellyfishrawitem - 0


foodKalechips
harvestcraft:kalechipsitem - 0


foodKetchup
harvestcraft:ketchupitem - 0


foodKeylimepie
harvestcraft:keylimepieitem - 0


foodKimchi
harvestcraft:kimchiitem - 0


foodKiwijelly
harvestcraft:kiwijellyitem - 0


foodKiwijellysandwich
harvestcraft:kiwijellysandwichitem - 0


foodKiwijuice
harvestcraft:kiwijuiceitem - 0


foodKiwismoothie
harvestcraft:kiwismoothieitem - 0


foodKiwiyogurt
harvestcraft:kiwiyogurtitem - 0


foodKohlundpinkel
harvestcraft:kohlundpinkelitem - 0


foodKoreandinner
harvestcraft:koreandinneritem - 0


foodKungpaochicken
harvestcraft:kungpaochickenitem - 0


foodLambbarleysoup
harvestcraft:lambbarleysoupitem - 0


foodLambkebab
harvestcraft:lambkebabitem - 0


foodLambwithmintsauce
harvestcraft:lambwithmintsauceitem - 0


foodLamington
harvestcraft:lamingtonitem - 0


foodLasagna
harvestcraft:lasagnaitem - 0


foodLavendershortbread
harvestcraft:lavendershortbreaditem - 0


foodLeafychickensandwich
harvestcraft:leafychickensandwichitem - 0


foodLeafyfishsandwich
harvestcraft:leafyfishsandwichitem - 0


foodLeekbaconsoup
harvestcraft:leekbaconsoupitem - 0


foodLemonaide
harvestcraft:lemonaideitem - 0


foodLemonbar
harvestcraft:lemonbaritem - 0


foodLemonchicken
harvestcraft:lemonchickenitem - 0


foodLemoncupcake
harvestcraft:lemoncupcakeitem - 0


foodLemondrizzlecake
harvestcraft:lemondrizzlecakeitem - 0


foodLemonjelly
harvestcraft:lemonjellyitem - 0


foodLemonjellysandwich
harvestcraft:lemonjellysandwichitem - 0


foodLemonlimesoda
harvestcraft:lemonlimesodaitem - 0


foodLemonmeringue
harvestcraft:lemonmeringueitem - 0


foodLemonsmoothie
harvestcraft:lemonsmoothieitem - 0


foodLemonyogurt
harvestcraft:lemonyogurtitem - 0


foodLimejelly
harvestcraft:limejellyitem - 0


foodLimejellysandwich
harvestcraft:limejellysandwichitem - 0


foodLimejuice
harvestcraft:limejuiceitem - 0


foodLimesmoothie
harvestcraft:limesmoothieitem - 0


foodLimeyogurt
harvestcraft:limeyogurtitem - 0


foodLiverandonions
harvestcraft:liverandonionsitem - 0


foodLoadedbakedpotato
harvestcraft:loadedbakedpotatoitem - 0


foodLycheetea
harvestcraft:lycheeteaitem - 0


foodMangochutney
harvestcraft:mangochutneyitem - 0


foodMangojelly
harvestcraft:mangojellyitem - 0


foodMangojellysandwich
harvestcraft:mangojellysandwichitem - 0


foodMangojuice
harvestcraft:mangojuiceitem - 0


foodMangosmoothie
harvestcraft:mangosmoothieitem - 0


foodMangoyogurt
harvestcraft:mangoyogurtitem - 0


foodManjuu
harvestcraft:manjuuitem - 0


foodMaplecandiedbacon
harvestcraft:maplecandiedbaconitem - 0


foodMapleoatmeal
harvestcraft:mapleoatmealitem - 0


foodMaplesausage
harvestcraft:maplesausageitem - 0


foodMaplesyruppancakes
harvestcraft:maplesyruppancakesitem - 0


foodMaplesyrupwaffles
harvestcraft:maplesyrupwafflesitem - 0


foodMarinatedcucumbers
harvestcraft:marinatedcucumbersitem - 0


foodMarshmellowchicks
harvestcraft:marshmellowchicksitem - 0


foodMarshmellows
harvestcraft:marshmellowsitem - 0


foodMarzipan
harvestcraft:marzipanitem - 0


foodMashedpotatoes
harvestcraft:mashedpotatoesitem - 0


foodMashedpotatoeschickenbiscuit
harvestcraft:mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem - 0


foodMashedsweetpotatoes
harvestcraft:mashedsweetpotatoesitem - 0


foodMayo
harvestcraft:mayoitem - 0


foodMcpam
harvestcraft:mcpamitem - 0


foodMeatfeastpizza
harvestcraft:meatfeastpizzaitem - 0


foodMeatloaf
harvestcraft:meatloafitem - 0


foodMeatloafsandwich
harvestcraft:meatloafsandwichitem - 0


foodMeatpie
harvestcraft:meatpieitem - 0


foodMeatystew
harvestcraft:meatystewitem - 0


foodMeatystirfry
harvestcraft:meatystirfryitem - 0


foodMeesua
harvestcraft:meesuaitem - 0


foodMelonjuice
harvestcraft:melonjuiceitem - 0


foodMelonsmoothie
harvestcraft:melonsmoothieitem - 0


foodMelonyogurt
harvestcraft:melonyogurtitem - 0


foodMeringue
harvestcraft:meringueitem - 0


foodMeringuebombe
harvestcraft:meringuebombeitem - 0


foodMeringuebrownie
harvestcraft:meringuebrownieitem - 0


foodMeringuecookie
harvestcraft:meringuecookieitem - 0


foodMeringueroulade
harvestcraft:meringuerouladeitem - 0


foodMerveilleux
harvestcraft:merveilleuxitem - 0


foodMettbrotchen
harvestcraft:mettbrotchenitem - 0


foodMincepie
harvestcraft:mincepieitem - 0


foodMinerstew
harvestcraft:minerstewitem - 0


foodMintchocolatechipicecream
harvestcraft:mintchocolatechipicecreamitem - 0


foodMintcupcake
harvestcraft:mintcupcakeitem - 0


foodMisopaste
harvestcraft:misopasteitem - 0


foodMisosoup
harvestcraft:misosoupitem - 0


foodMixedsalad
harvestcraft:mixedsaladitem - 0


foodMobsoup
harvestcraft:mobsoupitem - 0


foodMochaicecream
harvestcraft:mochaicecreamitem - 0


foodMochi
harvestcraft:mochiitem - 0


foodMochicake
harvestcraft:mochicakeitem - 0


foodMochidessert
harvestcraft:mochidessertitem - 0


foodMonsterfrieddumplings
harvestcraft:monsterfrieddumplingsitem - 0


foodMontecristosandwich
harvestcraft:montecristosandwichitem - 0


foodMozzerellasticks
harvestcraft:mozzerellasticksitem - 0


foodMudfishraw
harvestcraft:mudfishrawitem - 0


foodMuseli
harvestcraft:museliitem - 0


foodMushroomketchup
harvestcraft:mushroomketchupitem - 0


foodMushroomketchupomelet
harvestcraft:mushroomketchupomeletitem - 0


foodMushroomlasagna
harvestcraft:mushroomlasagnaitem - 0


foodMushroompowder
biomesoplenty:shroompowder - 0


foodMushroomrisotto
harvestcraft:mushroomrisottoitem - 0


foodMushroomsalad


foodMushroomsteak
harvestcraft:mushroomsteakitem - 0


foodMusselcooked
harvestcraft:musselcookeditem - 0


foodMusselraw
harvestcraft:musselrawitem - 0


foodMustard
harvestcraft:mustarditem - 0


foodMusubi
harvestcraft:musubiitem - 0


foodMuttoncooked
minecraft:cooked_mutton - 0


foodMuttonraw
minecraft:mutton - 0


foodNaan
harvestcraft:naanitem - 0


foodNachoes
harvestcraft:nachoesitem - 0


foodNeapolitanicecream
harvestcraft:neapolitanicecreamitem - 0


foodNetherstartoast
harvestcraft:netherstartoastitem - 0


foodNetherwings
harvestcraft:netherwingsitem - 0


foodNoodles
harvestcraft:noodlesitem - 0


foodNopalessalad
harvestcraft:nopalessaladitem - 0


foodNutella
harvestcraft:nutellaitem - 0


foodOctopuscooked
harvestcraft:octopuscookeditem - 0


foodOctopusraw
harvestcraft:octopusrawitem - 0


foodOkrachips
harvestcraft:okrachipsitem - 0


foodOkracreole
harvestcraft:okracreoleitem - 0


foodOldworldveggiesoup
harvestcraft:oldworldveggiesoupitem - 0


foodOliveoil
harvestcraft:oliveoilitem - 0


foodOmelet
harvestcraft:omeletitem - 0


foodOmurice
harvestcraft:omuriceitem - 0


foodOnigiri
harvestcraft:onigiriitem - 0


foodOnionhamburger
harvestcraft:onionhamburgeritem - 0


foodOnionsoup
harvestcraft:onionsoupitem - 0


foodOrangechicken
harvestcraft:orangechickenitem - 0


foodOrangeduck
harvestcraft:orangeduckitem - 0


foodOrangejelly
harvestcraft:orangejellyitem - 0


foodOrangejellysandwich
harvestcraft:orangejellysandwichitem - 0


foodOrangejuice
harvestcraft:orangejuiceitem - 0


foodOrangesmoothie
harvestcraft:orangesmoothieitem - 0


foodOrangesoda
harvestcraft:orangesodaitem - 0


foodOrangeyogurt
harvestcraft:orangeyogurtitem - 0


foodOvenroastedcauliflower
harvestcraft:ovenroastedcaulifloweritem - 0


foodOystercooked
harvestcraft:oystercookeditem - 0


foodOysterraw
harvestcraft:oysterrawitem - 0


foodOystersauce
harvestcraft:oystersauceitem - 0


foodPadthai
harvestcraft:padthaiitem - 0


foodPambitsbox
harvestcraft:pambitsboxitem - 0


foodPancakes
harvestcraft:pancakesitem - 0


foodPaneer
harvestcraft:paneeritem - 0


foodPaneertikkamasala
harvestcraft:paneertikkamasalaitem - 0


foodPapayajelly
harvestcraft:papayajellyitem - 0


foodPapayajellysandwich
harvestcraft:papayajellysandwichitem - 0


foodPapayajuice
harvestcraft:papayajuiceitem - 0


foodPapayasmoothie
harvestcraft:papayasmoothieitem - 0


foodPapayayogurt
harvestcraft:papayayogurtitem - 0


foodParadiseburger
harvestcraft:paradiseburgeritem - 0


foodPasta
harvestcraft:pastaitem - 0


foodPastagardenia
harvestcraft:pastagardeniaitem - 0


foodPatreonpie
harvestcraft:patreonpieitem - 0


foodPavlova
harvestcraft:pavlovaitem - 0


foodPbandj
harvestcraft:pbandjitem - 0


foodPeaandhamsoup
harvestcraft:peaandhamsoupitem - 0


foodPeachcobbler
harvestcraft:peachcobbleritem - 0


foodPeachesandcreamoatmeal
harvestcraft:peachesandcreamoatmealitem - 0


foodPeachjelly
harvestcraft:peachjellyitem - 0


foodPeachjellysandwich
harvestcraft:peachjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPeachjuice
harvestcraft:peachjuiceitem - 0


foodPeachsmoothie
harvestcraft:peachsmoothieitem - 0


foodPeachyogurt
harvestcraft:peachyogurtitem - 0


foodPeanutbutter
harvestcraft:peanutbutteritem - 0


foodPeanutbutterbananasandwich
harvestcraft:peanutbutterbananasandwichitem - 0


foodPeanutbuttercookies
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercookiesitem - 0


foodPeanutbuttercup
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercupitem - 0


foodPeanutbuttercupcake
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercupcakeitem - 0


foodPeanutsoup
harvestcraft:peanutsoupitem - 0


foodPearjelly
harvestcraft:pearjellyitem - 0


foodPearjellysandwich
harvestcraft:pearjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPearjuice
harvestcraft:pearjuiceitem - 0


foodPearsmoothie
harvestcraft:pearsmoothieitem - 0


foodPearyogurt
harvestcraft:pearyogurtitem - 0


foodPeasandcelery
harvestcraft:peasandceleryitem - 0


foodPecanpie
harvestcraft:pecanpieitem - 0


foodPekingduck
harvestcraft:pekingduckitem - 0


foodPemmican
harvestcraft:pemmicanitem - 0


foodPepperjelly
harvestcraft:pepperjellyitem - 0


foodPepperjellyandcrackers
harvestcraft:pepperjellyandcrackersitem - 0


foodPeppermint
harvestcraft:peppermintitem - 0


foodPepperoni
harvestcraft:pepperoniitem - 0


foodPerchraw
harvestcraft:perchrawitem - 0


foodPersimmonjelly
harvestcraft:persimmonjellyitem - 0


foodPersimmonjellysanwich
harvestcraft:persimmonjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPersimmonjuice
harvestcraft:persimmonjuiceitem - 0


foodPersimmonsmoothie
harvestcraft:persimmonsmoothieitem - 0


foodPersimmonyogurt
harvestcraft:persimmonyogurtitem - 0


foodPho
harvestcraft:phoitem - 0


foodPickledbeets
harvestcraft:pickledbeetsitem - 0


foodPickledonions
harvestcraft:pickledonionsitem - 0


foodPickles
harvestcraft:gigapickleitem - 0
harvestcraft:picklesitem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpickleitem - 0


foodPinacolada
harvestcraft:pinacoladaitem - 0


foodPineappleham
harvestcraft:pineapplehamitem - 0


foodPineappleupsidedowncake
harvestcraft:pineappleupsidedowncakeitem - 0


foodPineappleyogurt
harvestcraft:pineappleyogurtitem - 0


foodPinkel
harvestcraft:pinkelitem - 0


foodPistachiobakedsalmon
harvestcraft:pistachiobakedsalmonitem - 0


foodPistachiobutter
harvestcraft:pistachiobutteritem - 0


foodPistachioicecream
harvestcraft:pistachioicecreamitem - 0


foodPitepalt
harvestcraft:pitepaltitem - 0


foodPizza
harvestcraft:pizzaitem - 0


foodPizzaslice
harvestcraft:pizzasliceitem - 0


foodPizzasoup
harvestcraft:pizzasoupitem - 0


foodPlainyogurt
harvestcraft:plainyogurtitem - 0


foodPloughmanslunch
harvestcraft:ploughmanslunchitem - 0


foodPlumjelly
harvestcraft:plumjellyitem - 0


foodPlumjellysandwich
harvestcraft:plumjellysandwichitem - 0


foodPlumjuice
harvestcraft:plumjuiceitem - 0


foodPlumsmoothie
harvestcraft:plumsmoothieitem - 0


foodPlumyogurt
harvestcraft:plumyogurtitem - 0


foodPoachedpear
harvestcraft:poachedpearitem - 0


foodPomegranatejelly
harvestcraft:pomegranatejellyitem - 0


foodPomegranatejellysandwich
harvestcraft:pomegranatejellysandwichitem - 0


foodPomegranatejuice
harvestcraft:pomegranatejuiceitem - 0


foodPomegranatesmoothie
harvestcraft:pomegranatesmoothieitem - 0


foodPomegranateyogurt
harvestcraft:pomegranateyogurtitem - 0


foodPorklettucewrap
harvestcraft:porklettucewrapitem - 0


foodPorklomein
harvestcraft:porklomeinitem - 0


foodPorkrinds
harvestcraft:porkrindsitem - 0


foodPorksausage
harvestcraft:porksausageitem - 0


foodPotatoandcheesepirogi
harvestcraft:potatoandcheesepirogiitem - 0


foodPotatoandleeksoup
harvestcraft:potatoandleeksoupitem - 0


foodPotatocakes
harvestcraft:potatocakesitem - 0


foodPotatochips
harvestcraft:potatochipsitem - 0


foodPotatoesobrien
harvestcraft:potatoesobrienitem - 0


foodPotatosalad
harvestcraft:potatosaladitem - 0


foodPotatoskins
harvestcraft:potatoskinsitem - 0


foodPotatosoup
harvestcraft:potatosoupitem - 0


foodPotroast
harvestcraft:potroastitem - 0


foodPotstickers
harvestcraft:potstickersitem - 0


foodPoutine
harvestcraft:poutineitem - 0


foodPowdereddonut
harvestcraft:powdereddonutitem - 0


foodPralines
harvestcraft:pralinesitem - 0


foodPumpkinbread
harvestcraft:pumpkinbreaditem - 0


foodPumpkinoatscones
harvestcraft:pumpkinoatsconesitem - 0


foodPumpkinsoup
harvestcraft:pumpkinsoupitem - 0


foodPumpkinspicelatte
harvestcraft:pumpkinspicelatteitem - 0


foodPumpkinyogurt
harvestcraft:pumpkinyogurtitem - 0


foodQuesadilla
harvestcraft:quesadillaitem - 0


foodRabbitcooked
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - 0


foodRabbitraw
minecraft:rabbit - 0


foodRainbowcurry
harvestcraft:rainbowcurryitem - 0


foodRaisincookies
harvestcraft:raisincookiesitem - 0


foodRaisins
harvestcraft:raisinsitem - 0


foodRamen
harvestcraft:ramenitem - 0


foodRaspberryicedtea
harvestcraft:raspberryicedteaitem - 0


foodRaspberryjelly
harvestcraft:raspberryjellyitem - 0


foodRaspberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:raspberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodRaspberryjuice
harvestcraft:raspberryjuiceitem - 0


foodRaspberrymilkshake
harvestcraft:raspberrymilkshakeitem - 0


foodRaspberrypie
harvestcraft:raspberrypieitem - 0


foodRaspberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:raspberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodRaspberrytrifle
harvestcraft:raspberrytrifleitem - 0


foodRaspberryyogurt
harvestcraft:raspberryyogurtitem - 0


foodRedvelvetcake
harvestcraft:redvelvetcakeitem - 0


foodRedvelvetcupcake
harvestcraft:redvelvetcupcakeitem - 0


foodRefriedbeans
harvestcraft:refriedbeansitem - 0


foodRicecake
harvestcraft:ricecakeitem - 0


foodRicepudding
harvestcraft:ricepuddingitem - 0


foodRicesoup
harvestcraft:ricesoupitem - 0


foodRivermudcake
harvestcraft:rivermudcakeitem - 0


foodRoastchicken
harvestcraft:roastchickenitem - 0


foodRoastedchestnut
harvestcraft:roastedchestnutitem - 0


foodRoastedpumpkinseeds
harvestcraft:roastedpumpkinseedsitem - 0


foodRoastedrootveggiemedley
harvestcraft:roastedrootveggiemedleyitem - 0


foodRoastpotatoes
harvestcraft:roastpotatoesitem - 0


foodRootbeerfloat
harvestcraft:rootbeerfloatitem - 0


foodRootbeersoda
harvestcraft:rootbeersodaitem - 0


foodRosepetaltea
harvestcraft:rosepetalteaitem - 0


foodRoux
harvestcraft:rouxitem - 0


foodSaladdressing
harvestcraft:saladdressingitem - 0


foodSalisburysteak
harvestcraft:salisburysteakitem - 0


foodSalmononigiri
harvestcraft:salmononigiriitem - 0


foodSalmonpatties
harvestcraft:salmonpattiesitem - 0


foodSalmonraw
minecraft:fish - 1


foodSalsa
harvestcraft:salsaitem - 0


foodSalt
harvestcraft:saltitem - 0


foodSaltedcaramel
harvestcraft:saltedcaramelitem - 0


foodSaltedsunflowerseeds
harvestcraft:saltedsunflowerseedsitem - 0


foodSardineraw
harvestcraft:sardinerawitem - 0


foodSardinesinhotsauce
harvestcraft:sardinesinhotsauceitem - 0


foodSaucedlambkebab
harvestcraft:saucedlambkebabitem - 0


foodSauerbraten
harvestcraft:sauerbratenitem - 0


foodSausage
harvestcraft:sausageitem - 0


foodSausagebeanmelt
harvestcraft:sausagebeanmeltitem - 0


foodSausageinbread
harvestcraft:sausageinbreaditem - 0


foodSausageroll
harvestcraft:sausagerollitem - 0


foodScallionbakedpotato
harvestcraft:scallionbakedpotatoitem - 0


foodScallopcooked
harvestcraft:scallopcookeditem - 0


foodScallopraw
harvestcraft:scalloprawitem - 0


foodSchnitzel
harvestcraft:schnitzelitem - 0


foodScrambledegg
harvestcraft:scrambledeggitem - 0


foodSeedenergygel
harvestcraft:seedenergygelitem - 0


foodSeedsoup
harvestcraft:seedsoupitem - 0


foodSesameball
harvestcraft:sesameballitem - 0


foodSesameoil
harvestcraft:sesameoilitem - 0


foodSesamesnaps
harvestcraft:sesamesnapsitem - 0


foodShepherdspie
harvestcraft:shepardspieitem - 0


foodShrimpcocktail
harvestcraft:shrimpcocktailitem - 0


foodShrimpcooked
harvestcraft:shrimpcookeditem - 0


foodShrimpokrahushpuppies
harvestcraft:shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem - 0


foodShrimpraw
harvestcraft:shrimprawitem - 0


foodShrimptempera
harvestcraft:shrimptemperaitem - 0


foodSilkentofu
harvestcraft:silkentofuitem - 0


foodSlawdog
harvestcraft:slawdogitem - 0


foodSlimegummies
harvestcraft:slimegummiesitem - 0


foodSlimepie
harvestcraft:slimepieitem - 0


foodSmores
harvestcraft:smoresitem - 0


foodSnailcooked
harvestcraft:snailcookeditem - 0


foodSnailraw
harvestcraft:snailrawitem - 0


foodSnapperraw
harvestcraft:snapperrawitem - 0


foodSnickersbar
harvestcraft:snickersbaritem - 0


foodSoftpretzel
harvestcraft:softpretzelitem - 0


foodSoftpretzelandmustard
harvestcraft:softpretzelandmustarditem - 0


foodSourcreamandonionpotatochips
harvestcraft:sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem - 0


foodSouthernstylebreakfast
harvestcraft:southernstylebreakfastitem - 0


foodSoymilk
harvestcraft:soymilkitem - 0


foodSoysauce
harvestcraft:soysauceitem - 0


foodSpagetti
harvestcraft:spagettiitem - 0


foodSpagettiandmeatballs
harvestcraft:spagettiandmeatballsitem - 0


foodSpaghettidinner
harvestcraft:spaghettidinneritem - 0


foodSpicebun
harvestcraft:spicebunitem - 0


foodSpiceleaf


foodSpicygreens
harvestcraft:spicygreensitem - 0


foodSpicymustardpork
harvestcraft:spicymustardporkitem - 0


foodSpidereyepie
harvestcraft:spidereyepieitem - 0


foodSpidereyesoup
harvestcraft:spidereyesoupitem - 0


foodSpinachpie
harvestcraft:spinachpieitem - 0


foodSplitpeasoup
harvestcraft:splitpeasoupitem - 0


foodSpringfieldcashewchicken
harvestcraft:springfieldcashewchickenitem - 0


foodSpringroll
harvestcraft:springrollitem - 0


foodSpringsalad
harvestcraft:springsaladitem - 0


foodSprinklescupcake
harvestcraft:sprinklescupcakeitem - 0


foodSpumoniicecream
harvestcraft:spumoniicecreamitem - 0


foodSquidinkspaghetti
harvestcraft:squidinkspaghettiitem - 0


foodStarfruitjelly
harvestcraft:starfruitjellyitem - 0


foodStarfruitjellysandwich
harvestcraft:starfruitjellysandwichitem - 0


foodStarfruitjuice
harvestcraft:starfruitjuiceitem - 0


foodStarfruitsmoothie
harvestcraft:starfruitsmoothieitem - 0


foodStarfruityogurt
harvestcraft:starfruityogurtitem - 0


foodSteakandchips
harvestcraft:steakandchipsitem - 0


foodSteakfajita
harvestcraft:steakfajitaitem - 0


foodSteaktartare
harvestcraft:steaktartareitem - 0


foodSteamedpeas
harvestcraft:steamedpeasitem - 0


foodSteamedspinach
harvestcraft:steamedspinachitem - 0


foodStock
harvestcraft:stockitem - 0


foodStrawberrycupcake
harvestcraft:strawberrycupcakeitem - 0


foodStrawberryicecream
harvestcraft:strawberryicecreamitem - 0


foodStrawberryjelly
harvestcraft:strawberryjellyitem - 0


foodStrawberryjellysandwich
harvestcraft:strawberryjellysandwichitem - 0


foodStrawberryjuice
harvestcraft:strawberryjuiceitem - 0


foodStrawberrymilkshake
harvestcraft:strawberrymilkshakeitem - 0


foodStrawberrypie
harvestcraft:strawberrypieitem - 0


foodStrawberryrhubarbpie
harvestcraft:strawberryrhubarbpieitem - 0


foodStrawberrysalad
harvestcraft:strawberrysaladitem - 0


foodStrawberrysmoothie
harvestcraft:strawberrysmoothieitem - 0


foodStrawberrysoda
harvestcraft:strawberrysodaitem - 0


foodStrawberrysouffle
harvestcraft:strawberrysouffleitem - 0


foodStrawberryyogurt
harvestcraft:strawberryyogurtitem - 0


foodStuffedchilipeppers
harvestcraft:stuffedchilipeppersitem - 0


foodStuffedduck
harvestcraft:stuffedduckitem - 0


foodStuffedeggplant
harvestcraft:stuffedeggplantitem - 0


foodStuffedmushroom
harvestcraft:stuffedmushroomitem - 0


foodStuffedpepper
harvestcraft:stuffedpepperitem - 0


foodStuffing
harvestcraft:stuffingitem - 0


foodSuccotash
harvestcraft:succotashitem - 0


foodSugarcookie
harvestcraft:sugarcookieitem - 0


foodSummerradishsalad
harvestcraft:summerradishsaladitem - 0


foodSummersquashwithradish
harvestcraft:summersquashwithradishitem - 0


foodSundayhightea
harvestcraft:sundayhighteaitem - 0


foodSundayroast
harvestcraft:sundayroastitem - 0


foodSunflowerbroccolisalad
harvestcraft:sunflowerbroccolisaladitem - 0


foodSunflowerwheatrolls
harvestcraft:sunflowerwheatrollsitem - 0


foodSupremepizza
harvestcraft:supremepizzaitem - 0


foodSurfandturf
harvestcraft:surfandturfitem - 0


foodSushi
harvestcraft:sushiitem - 0


foodSwedishmeatballs
harvestcraft:swedishmeatballsitem - 0


foodSweetandsourchicken
harvestcraft:sweetandsourchickenitem - 0


foodSweetandsourmeatballs
harvestcraft:sweetandsourmeatballsitem - 0


foodSweetandsoursauce
harvestcraft:sweetandsoursauceitem - 0


foodSweetpickle
harvestcraft:sweetpickleitem - 0


foodSweetpotatopie
harvestcraft:sweetpotatopieitem - 0


foodSweetpotatosouffle
harvestcraft:sweetpotatosouffleitem - 0


foodSweettea
harvestcraft:sweetteaitem - 0


foodSzechuaneggplant
harvestcraft:szechuaneggplantitem - 0


foodTaco
harvestcraft:tacoitem - 0


foodTaffy
harvestcraft:taffyitem - 0


foodTaiyaki
harvestcraft:taiyakiitem - 0


foodTakoyaki
harvestcraft:takoyakiitem - 0


foodTatertots
harvestcraft:tatertotsitem - 0


foodTea
harvestcraft:teaitem - 0


foodTeriyakichicken
harvestcraft:teriyakichickenitem - 0


foodThankfuldinner
harvestcraft:thankfuldinneritem - 0


foodTheatrebox
harvestcraft:theatreboxitem - 0


foodThreebeansalad
harvestcraft:threebeansaladitem - 0


foodTilapiaraw
harvestcraft:tilapiarawitem - 0


foodTimpano
harvestcraft:timpanoitem - 0


foodTimtam
harvestcraft:timtamitem - 0


foodTiropita
harvestcraft:tiropitaitem - 0


foodToadinthehole
harvestcraft:toadintheholeitem - 0


foodToast
harvestcraft:toastitem - 0


foodToastedcoconut
harvestcraft:toastedcoconutitem - 0


foodToastedwestern
harvestcraft:toastedwesternitem - 0


foodToastsandwich
harvestcraft:toastsandwichitem - 0


foodTomatoherbchicken
harvestcraft:tomatoherbchickenitem - 0


foodTomatosoup
harvestcraft:tomatosoupitem - 0


foodTortilla
harvestcraft:tortillaitem - 0


foodTortillachips
harvestcraft:tortillachipsitem - 0


foodTrailmix
harvestcraft:trailmixitem - 0


foodTroutraw
harvestcraft:troutrawitem - 0


foodTruffle


foodTunafishsandwich
harvestcraft:tunafishsandwichitem - 0


foodTunaonigiri
harvestcraft:tunaonigiriitem - 0


foodTunapotato
harvestcraft:tunapotatoitem - 0


foodTunaraw
harvestcraft:tunarawitem - 0


foodTunasalad
harvestcraft:tunasaladitem - 0


foodTurkeycooked
harvestcraft:turkeycookeditem - 0


foodTurkeyraw
harvestcraft:turkeyrawitem - 0


foodTurkishdelight
harvestcraft:turkishdelightitem - 0


foodTurnipsoup
harvestcraft:turnipsoupitem - 0


foodTurtlecooked
harvestcraft:turtlecookeditem - 0


foodTurtleraw
harvestcraft:turtlerawitem - 0


foodVanilla
harvestcraft:vanillaitem - 0


foodVanillaconchasbread
harvestcraft:vanillaconchasbreaditem - 0


foodVanillacupcake
harvestcraft:vanillacupcakeitem - 0


foodVanillaicecream
harvestcraft:vanillaicecreamitem - 0


foodVanillayogurt
harvestcraft:vanillayogurtitem - 0


foodVegemite
harvestcraft:vegemiteitem - 0


foodVegemiteontoast
harvestcraft:vegemiteontoastitem - 0


foodVegetable


foodVegetablesoup
harvestcraft:vegetablesoupitem - 0


foodVegetarianlettucewrap
harvestcraft:vegetarianlettucewrapitem - 0


foodVeggiesalad


foodVeggiestirfry
harvestcraft:veggiestirfryitem - 0


foodVeggiestrips
harvestcraft:veggiestripsitem - 0


foodVenisoncooked
harvestcraft:venisoncookeditem - 0


foodVenisonraw
harvestcraft:venisonrawitem - 0


foodVindaloo
harvestcraft:vindalooitem - 0


foodVinegar
harvestcraft:vinegaritem - 0


foodWaffles
harvestcraft:wafflesitem - 0


foodWalleyraw
harvestcraft:walleyerawitem - 0


foodWalnutraisinbread
harvestcraft:walnutraisinbreaditem - 0


foodWatermelonjelly
harvestcraft:watermelonjellyitem - 0


foodWatermelonjellysandwich
harvestcraft:watermelonjellysandwichitem - 0


foodWeekendpicnic
harvestcraft:weekendpicnicitem - 0


foodWontonsoup
harvestcraft:wontonsoupitem - 0


foodYogurt


foodYorkshirepudding
harvestcraft:yorkshirepuddingitem - 0


foodZeppole
harvestcraft:zeppoleitem - 0


foodZestyzucchini
harvestcraft:zestyzucchiniitem - 0


foodZombiejerky
harvestcraft:zombiejerkyitem - 0


foodZucchinibake
harvestcraft:zucchinibakeitem - 0


foodZucchinibread
harvestcraft:zucchinibreaditem - 0


foodZucchinifries
harvestcraft:zucchinifriesitem - 0


foodbbqchickenpizza


foodchorizo
harvestcraft:chorizoitem - 0


fruitForestry


fuelCoke


gearAlumite


gearArdite


gearCobalt


gearGold


gearIron


gearKnightslime


gearManyullyn


gearPigiron


gearSteel


gemAethium


gemAmber
biomesoplenty:gem - 7


gemAmethyst
biomesoplenty:gem - 0


gemApatite


gemAquamarine


gemBiotite


gemBoronNitride


gemCertusQuartz


gemCrystalFlux


gemDiamantine


gemDiamond
minecraft:diamond - 0


gemEmerald
minecraft:emerald - 0


gemEmeraldic


gemEnderBiotite
quark:biotite - 0


gemEnori


gemErodium


gemFluix


gemGelid


gemIonite


gemKyronite


gemLapis
minecraft:dye - 4


gemLitherite


gemLonsdaleite


gemMalachite
biomesoplenty:gem - 5


gemPalis


gemPeridot
biomesoplenty:gem - 2


gemPhoenixite


gemPladium


gemPrismarine
minecraft:prismarine_shard - 0


gemQuartz
minecraft:quartz - 0


gemQuartzBlack


gemRestonia


gemRuby
biomesoplenty:gem - 1


gemSapphire
biomesoplenty:gem - 6


gemTanzanite
biomesoplenty:gem - 4


gemTopaz
biomesoplenty:gem - 3


gemVoid


glowstone
minecraft:glowstone - 0


grass
minecraft:grass - 0
biomesoplenty:grass - 0


gravel
minecraft:gravel - 0


gunpowder
minecraft:gunpowder - 0


ingotAlubrass
tconstruct:ingots - 5


ingotAluminum


ingotAlumite
plustic:alumiteingot - 0


ingotArdite
tconstruct:ingots - 1


ingotAstralStarmetal


ingotBoron


ingotBoundMetal


ingotBrass


ingotBrick
minecraft:brick - 0


ingotBrickNether
minecraft:netherbrick - 0


ingotBrickSeared
tconstruct:materials - 0


ingotBronze


ingotChaoticMetal


ingotCobalt
tconstruct:ingots - 0


ingotConstantan


ingotCopper


ingotCosmicNeutronium


ingotCrystalMatrix


ingotDraconicMetal


ingotDraconium


ingotElectrum


ingotElectrumFlux


ingotElvenElementium


ingotEnderium


ingotEnergium


ingotEssenceMetal


ingotFluixSteel


ingotGelidEnderium


ingotGold
minecraft:gold_ingot - 0


ingotHardCarbon


ingotInfinity


ingotInvar


ingotIridium


ingotIron
minecraft:iron_ingot - 0


ingotKnightslime
tconstruct:ingots - 3


ingotLead


ingotLumium


ingotManasteel


ingotManyullyn
tconstruct:ingots - 2


ingotMeat


ingotNickel


ingotOsmium


ingotPigiron
tconstruct:ingots - 4


ingotPinkMetal


ingotPlatinum


ingotPrimordial


ingotRefinedGlowstone


ingotRefinedObsidian


ingotSentientMetal


ingotSignalum


ingotSilver


ingotSteel
tcomplement:materials - 10


ingotTerrasteel


ingotThaumium


ingotTin


ingotTough


ingotUUMatter


ingotVoid


ingotWyvernMetal


itemDarkMatter


itemEnchantedFabric


itemEnderCrystal


itemPulsatingCrystal


itemRedMatter


itemRubber


itemSalt
harvestcraft:saltitem - 0


itemSunnarium


itemVibrantCrystal


itemWeatherCrystal


leather
minecraft:leather - 0


lilypad
minecraft:waterlily - 0
biomesoplenty:waterlily - any


listAllbeefcooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofeakitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_beef - 0


listAllbeefraw
harvestcraft:rawtofeakitem - 0
minecraft:beef - 0
harvestcraft:groundbeefitem - 0


listAllberry
harvestcraft:cranberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:elderberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:huckleberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:mulberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:juniperberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberryitem - 0


listAllchickencooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofickenitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_chicken - 0


listAllchickenraw
harvestcraft:rawtofickenitem - 0
minecraft:chicken - 0
harvestcraft:groundchickenitem - 0


listAllcitrus
harvestcraft:lemonitem - 0
harvestcraft:limeitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangeitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruititem - 0


listAllcookie
harvestcraft:peanutbuttercookiesitem - 0
harvestcraft:raisincookiesitem - 0
harvestcraft:creamcookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:chaoscookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:creepercookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:buttercookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:sugarcookieitem - 0
harvestcraft:fortunecookieitem - 0


listAllduckcooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofuduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:duckcookeditem - 0


listAllduckraw
harvestcraft:rawtofuduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:duckrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundduckitem - 0


listAllegg
harvestcraft:rawtofeegitem - 0
minecraft:egg - 0


listAllfiber
harvestcraft:flaxitem - 0
harvestcraft:juteitem - 0
harvestcraft:kenafitem - 0
harvestcraft:sisalitem - 0


listAllfishcooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofishitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_cod - 0
minecraft:cooked_salmon - 0
minecraft:cooked_fish - 0
minecraft:cooked_fish - 1
harvestcraft:calamaricookeditem - 0


listAllfishfresh
minecraft:cod - 0
minecraft:salmon - 0
minecraft:clownfish - 0
minecraft:pufferfish - 0
minecraft:fish - any
harvestcraft:calamarirawitem - 0
harvestcraft:anchovyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:bassrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:carprawitem - 0
harvestcraft:catfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:charrrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:grouperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:herringrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:mudfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:perchrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:snapperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tilapiarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:troutrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tunarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:walleyerawitem - 0
harvestcraft:greenheartfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:sardinerawitem - 0


listAllfishraw
harvestcraft:rawtofishitem - 0
minecraft:cod - 0
minecraft:salmon - 0
minecraft:clownfish - 0
minecraft:pufferfish - 0
harvestcraft:groundfishitem - 0
minecraft:fish - any
harvestcraft:calamarirawitem - 0
harvestcraft:anchovyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:bassrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:carprawitem - 0
harvestcraft:catfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:charrrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:grouperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:herringrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:mudfishrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:perchrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:snapperrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tilapiarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:troutrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:tunarawitem - 0
harvestcraft:walleyerawitem - 0
harvestcraft:greenheartfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:sardinerawitem - 0


listAllfruit
biomesoplenty:peach - 0
biomesoplenty:persimmon - 0
biomesoplenty:pear - 0
minecraft:apple - 0
minecraft:chorus_fruit - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:pineappleitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:cactusfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:cantaloupeitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapeitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwiitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:agaveitem - 0
harvestcraft:elderberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:greengrapeitem - 0
harvestcraft:huckleberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:mulberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:juniperberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:bananaitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherryitem - 0
harvestcraft:dragonfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonitem - 0
harvestcraft:limeitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangoitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangeitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayaitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranateitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberryitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotitem - 0
harvestcraft:dateitem - 0
harvestcraft:figitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruititem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonitem - 0
harvestcraft:pawpawitem - 0
harvestcraft:soursopitem - 0
harvestcraft:guavaitem - 0
harvestcraft:lycheeitem - 0
harvestcraft:passionfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:rambutanitem - 0


listAllgrain
minecraft:wheat - 0
harvestcraft:barleyitem - 0
harvestcraft:oatsitem - 0
harvestcraft:ryeitem - 0
harvestcraft:amaranthitem - 0
harvestcraft:milletitem - 0
harvestcraft:quinoaitem - 0
harvestcraft:breadfruititem - 0


listAllgreenveggie
harvestcraft:asparagusitem - 0
harvestcraft:broccoliitem - 0
harvestcraft:celeryitem - 0
harvestcraft:lettuceitem - 0
harvestcraft:spiceleafitem - 0
harvestcraft:artichokeitem - 0
harvestcraft:brusselsproutitem - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageitem - 0
harvestcraft:cucumberitem - 0
harvestcraft:okraitem - 0
harvestcraft:peasitem - 0
harvestcraft:seaweeditem - 0
harvestcraft:zucchiniitem - 0
harvestcraft:spinachitem - 0
harvestcraft:kaleitem - 0


listAllheavycream
harvestcraft:silkentofuitem - 0
harvestcraft:heavycreamitem - 0


listAllherb
harvestcraft:garlicitem - 0


listAllicecream
harvestcraft:silkentofuitem - 0
harvestcraft:icecreamitem - 0


listAlljuice
harvestcraft:applejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:melonjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:carrotjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayajuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruitjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:limejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangojuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranatejuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwijuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:cactusfruitjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:figjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruitjuiceitem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonjuiceitem - 0


listAllmeatcooked
minecraft:cooked_beef - any
minecraft:cooked_chicken - any
minecraft:cooked_fish - any
minecraft:cooked_mutton - any
minecraft:cooked_porkchop - any
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - any
harvestcraft:cookedgrubitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuduckitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_chicken - 0
minecraft:cooked_beef - 0
minecraft:cooked_porkchop - 0
minecraft:cooked_mutton - 0
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - 0
harvestcraft:turkeycookeditem - 0
harvestcraft:venisoncookeditem - 0
harvestcraft:duckcookeditem - 0


listAllmeatraw
harvestcraft:grubitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:rawtofuduckitem - 0
minecraft:chicken - 0
minecraft:beef - 0
minecraft:porkchop - 0
minecraft:mutton - 0
minecraft:rabbit - 0
harvestcraft:groundbeefitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundchickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundduckitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundfishitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundmuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundporkitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundrabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:groundturkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundvenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:venisonrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:duckrawitem - 0


listAllmilk
harvestcraft:soymilkitem - 0
minecraft:milk_bucket - 0
harvestcraft:freshmilkitem - 0


listAllmushroom
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0
harvestcraft:whitemushroomitem - 0


listAllmuttoncooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofuttonitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_mutton - 0


listAllmuttonraw
harvestcraft:rawtofuttonitem - 0
minecraft:mutton - 0
harvestcraft:groundmuttonitem - 0


listAllnut
harvestcraft:peanutitem - 0
harvestcraft:walnutitem - 0
harvestcraft:almonditem - 0
harvestcraft:cashewitem - 0
harvestcraft:chestnutitem - 0
harvestcraft:pecanitem - 0
harvestcraft:pistachioitem - 0


listAllnutbutter
harvestcraft:peanutbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:almondbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:cashewbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:chestnutbutteritem - 0
harvestcraft:pistachiobutteritem - 0


listAllpepper
harvestcraft:bellpepperitem - 0
harvestcraft:chilipepperitem - 0


listAllporkcooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofaconitem - 0
minecraft:cooked_porkchop - 0
harvestcraft:bbqjackfruititem - 0


listAllporkraw
harvestcraft:rawtofaconitem - 0
minecraft:porkchop - 0
harvestcraft:groundporkitem - 0
harvestcraft:bbqjackfruititem - 0


listAllrabbitcooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofabbititem - 0
minecraft:cooked_rabbit - 0


listAllrabbitraw
harvestcraft:rawtofabbititem - 0
minecraft:rabbit - 0
harvestcraft:groundrabbititem - 0


listAllrootveggie
harvestcraft:parsnipitem - 0
harvestcraft:radishitem - 0
harvestcraft:rutabagaitem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoitem - 0
harvestcraft:turnipitem - 0


listAllseed
minecraft:wheat_seeds - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds - 0
minecraft:melon_seeds - 0
harvestcraft:spinachseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwiseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cornseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cucumberseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:onionseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:artichokeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cottonseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cactusfruitseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:elderberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:spiceleafseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:arrowrootseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kohlrabiseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:mustardseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:candleberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:beetseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:beanseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:eggplantseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:gigapickleseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:chilipepperseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:grapeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:mulberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:lettuceseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatilloseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:curryleafseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:quinoaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:milletseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:rhubarbseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:gingerseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:asparagusseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cantaloupeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:wintersquashseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:rutabagaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:brusselsproutseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:okraseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:sesameseedsseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cauliflowerseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:radishseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:broccoliseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:zucchiniseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatoseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:scallionseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:juteseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:sisalseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:waterchestnutseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:bambooshootseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:flaxseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:celeryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:peasseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cassavaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:peanutseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:teaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:taroseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:parsnipseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:soybeanseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:garlicseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:coffeeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:oatsseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:jicamaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:seaweedseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:barleyseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kenafseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:whitemushroomseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:riceseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:lentilseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:leekseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:agaveseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:amaranthseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:chickpeaseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:greengrapeseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:pineappleseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:huckleberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:juniperberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:bellpepperseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:turnipseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:kaleseeditem - 0
harvestcraft:ryeseeditem - 0


listAllsmoothie
harvestcraft:melonsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayasmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruitsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:bananasmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:limesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangosmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranatesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwismoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:figsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruitsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:applesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:coconutsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberrysmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapesmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearsmoothieitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumsmoothieitem - 0


listAllsoda
harvestcraft:cherrysodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:colasodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:gingersodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapesodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonlimesodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangesodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:rootbeersodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberrysodaitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruitsodaitem - 0


listAllspice
harvestcraft:gingeritem - 0
harvestcraft:spiceleafitem - 0
harvestcraft:mustardseedsitem - 0
harvestcraft:currypowderitem - 0


listAllsugar
minecraft:sugar - 0
harvestcraft:honeyitem - 0


listAlltofu
harvestcraft:cookedtofeakitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofaconitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuttonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofickenitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofabbititem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:cookedtofuduckitem - 0


listAllturkeycooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeycookeditem - 0


listAllturkeyraw
harvestcraft:rawtofurkeyitem - 0
harvestcraft:turkeyrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundturkeyitem - 0


listAllveggie
minecraft:carrot - 0
minecraft:potato - 0
minecraft:pumpkin - 0
harvestcraft:harvestpumpkinitem - 0
minecraft:beetroot - 0
harvestcraft:asparagusitem - 0
harvestcraft:beanitem - 0
harvestcraft:beetitem - 0
harvestcraft:broccoliitem - 0
harvestcraft:caulifloweritem - 0
harvestcraft:celeryitem - 0
harvestcraft:leekitem - 0
harvestcraft:lettuceitem - 0
harvestcraft:onionitem - 0
harvestcraft:parsnipitem - 0
harvestcraft:radishitem - 0
harvestcraft:rutabagaitem - 0
harvestcraft:scallionitem - 0
harvestcraft:soybeanitem - 0
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoitem - 0
harvestcraft:turnipitem - 0
harvestcraft:whitemushroomitem - 0
harvestcraft:artichokeitem - 0
harvestcraft:bellpepperitem - 0
harvestcraft:brusselsproutitem - 0
harvestcraft:cabbageitem - 0
harvestcraft:cornitem - 0
harvestcraft:cucumberitem - 0
harvestcraft:eggplantitem - 0
harvestcraft:okraitem - 0
harvestcraft:peasitem - 0
harvestcraft:rhubarbitem - 0
harvestcraft:seaweeditem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatoitem - 0
harvestcraft:wintersquashitem - 0
harvestcraft:zucchiniitem - 0
harvestcraft:bambooshootitem - 0
harvestcraft:spinachitem - 0
harvestcraft:waterchestnutitem - 0
harvestcraft:arrowrootitem - 0
harvestcraft:cassavaitem - 0
harvestcraft:chickpeaitem - 0
harvestcraft:jicamaitem - 0
harvestcraft:kohlrabiitem - 0
harvestcraft:lentilitem - 0
harvestcraft:taroitem - 0
harvestcraft:tomatilloitem - 0
harvestcraft:jackfruititem - 0
harvestcraft:tamarinditem - 0


listAllvenisoncooked
harvestcraft:cookedtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:venisoncookeditem - 0


listAllvenisonraw
harvestcraft:rawtofenisonitem - 0
harvestcraft:venisonrawitem - 0
harvestcraft:groundvenisonitem - 0


listAllwater
minecraft:water_bucket - 0
harvestcraft:freshwateritem - 0


listAllwheat


listAllyogurt
harvestcraft:appleyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:melonyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:vanillayogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:strawberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:starfruityogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:raspberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pumpkinyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranateyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:plumyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pineappleyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:pearyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:persimmonyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:peachyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:papayayogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:orangeyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:mangoyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:limeyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:lemonyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:kiwiyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapeyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruityogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:figyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:cranberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:coconutyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:chocolateyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:cherryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:blueberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:blackberryyogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:bananayogurtitem - 0
harvestcraft:apricotyogurtitem - 0


livingrock


livingwood


logBloodwood


logDarkwood


logFusewood


logGhostwood


logWood
minecraft:log - any
minecraft:log2 - any
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_1 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_2 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 5
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 6
biomesoplenty:log_3 - 7
biomesoplenty:log_4 - 4
biomesoplenty:log_4 - 5
harvestcraft:pammaple - 0
harvestcraft:pampaperbark - 0
harvestcraft:pamcinnamon - 0


manaDiamond


manaPearl


manaString


materialCloth
harvestcraft:wovencottonitem - 0


materialPigskin


materialPressedwax
harvestcraft:beeswaxitem - 0


materialStoneTool
minecraft:flint - 0
minecraft:stone - 0
minecraft:stone - 1
minecraft:stone - 3
minecraft:stone - 5
minecraft:cobblestone - 0


mica


mushroomAny
minecraft:red_mushroom - 0
minecraft:brown_mushroom - 0
quark:glowshroom - 0


netherStar
minecraft:nether_star - 0


netherrack
minecraft:netherrack - 0
minecraft:netherrack - any


nuggetAlubrass
tconstruct:nuggets - 5


nuggetAluminum


nuggetAlumite
plustic:alumitenugget - 0


nuggetArdite
tconstruct:nuggets - 1


nuggetAstralStarmetal


nuggetBoundMetal


nuggetBronze


nuggetChaoticMetal


nuggetCobalt
tconstruct:nuggets - 0


nuggetConstantan


nuggetCopper


nuggetCosmicNeutronium


nuggetCrystalMatrix


nuggetDarkMatter


nuggetDraconicMetal


nuggetDraconium


nuggetElectrum


nuggetElectrumFlux


nuggetElvenElementium


nuggetEnderium


nuggetEnergium


nuggetEssenceMetal


nuggetFluixSteel


nuggetGelidEnderium


nuggetGold
minecraft:gold_nugget - 0


nuggetInfinity


nuggetInvar


nuggetIridium


nuggetIron
minecraft:iron_nugget - 0


nuggetKnightslime
tconstruct:nuggets - 3


nuggetLead


nuggetLumium


nuggetManasteel


nuggetManyullyn
tconstruct:nuggets - 2


nuggetMeat


nuggetNickel


nuggetOsmium


nuggetPigiron
tconstruct:nuggets - 4


nuggetPinkMetal


nuggetPlatinum


nuggetPrimordial


nuggetRedMatter


nuggetRefinedGlowstone


nuggetRefinedObsidian


nuggetRubber


nuggetSentientMetal


nuggetSignalum


nuggetSilver


nuggetSteel
tcomplement:materials - 20


nuggetSunnarium


nuggetTerrasteel


nuggetThaumium


nuggetTin


nuggetUUMatter


nuggetVoid


nuggetWyvernMetal


obsidian
minecraft:obsidian - 0
minecraft:obsidian - any


oreAlubrass


oreAluminum


oreAlumite


oreAmber
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 7


oreAmethyst
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 0


oreArdite
tconstruct:ore - 1


oreBrass


oreBronze


oreCoal
minecraft:coal_ore - 0


oreCobalt
tconstruct:ore - 0


oreCopper


oreDiamond
minecraft:diamond_ore - 0


oreElectrum


oreEmerald
minecraft:emerald_ore - 0


oreGold
minecraft:gold_ore - 0


oreIron
minecraft:iron_ore - 0


oreKnightslime


oreLapis
minecraft:lapis_ore - 0


oreLead


oreMalachite
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 5


oreManyullyn


oreNetherAlubrass


oreNetherAluminum


oreNetherAlumite


oreNetherArdite


oreNetherBrass


oreNetherBronze


oreNetherCobalt


oreNetherCopper


oreNetherElectrum


oreNetherGold


oreNetherIron


oreNetherKnightslime


oreNetherLead


oreNetherManyullyn


oreNetherNickel


oreNetherPigiron


oreNetherSilver


oreNetherSteel


oreNetherTin


oreNetherZinc


oreNethernull


oreNickel


oreNuggetAlubrass


oreNuggetAluminum


oreNuggetAlumite


oreNuggetArdite


oreNuggetBrass


oreNuggetBronze


oreNuggetCobalt


oreNuggetCopper


oreNuggetElectrum


oreNuggetGold


oreNuggetIron


oreNuggetKnightslime


oreNuggetLead


oreNuggetManyullyn


oreNuggetNickel


oreNuggetPigiron


oreNuggetSilver


oreNuggetSteel


oreNuggetTin


oreNuggetZinc


oreNuggetnull


orePeridot
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 2


orePigiron


orePoorAlubrass


orePoorAluminum


orePoorAlumite


orePoorArdite


orePoorBrass


orePoorBronze


orePoorCobalt


orePoorCopper


orePoorElectrum


orePoorGold


orePoorIron


orePoorKnightslime


orePoorLead


orePoorManyullyn


orePoorNickel


orePoorPigiron


orePoorSilver


orePoorSteel


orePoorTin


orePoorZinc


orePoornull


oreQuartz
minecraft:quartz_ore - 0


oreRedstone
minecraft:redstone_ore - 0


oreRuby
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 1


oreSapphire
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 6


oreSilver


oreSteel


oreTanzanite
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 4


oreTin


oreTopaz
biomesoplenty:gem_ore - 3


oreZinc


orenull


paneGlass
minecraft:glass_pane - 0
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - any


paneGlassBlack
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 15


paneGlassBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 11


paneGlassBrown
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 12


paneGlassColorless
minecraft:glass_pane - 0


paneGlassCyan
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 9


paneGlassGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 7


paneGlassGreen
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 13


paneGlassLightBlue
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 3


paneGlassLightGray
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 8


paneGlassLime
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 5


paneGlassMagenta
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 2


paneGlassOrange
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 1


paneGlassPink
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 6


paneGlassPurple
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 10


paneGlassRed
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 14


paneGlassWhite
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 0


paneGlassYellow
minecraft:stained_glass_pane - 4


paper
minecraft:paper - 0


partBinding
tconstruct:binding - any


partPickHead
tconstruct:pick_head - any


partToolRod
tconstruct:tool_rod - any


pattern
tconstruct:pattern - any


plankStained
quark:stained_planks - any
quark:vertical_stained_planks - any


plankWood
minecraft:planks - any
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 0
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 1
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 2
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 3
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 8
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 9
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 10
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 11
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 12
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 13
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 14
biomesoplenty:planks_0 - 15
quark:stained_planks - any
quark:vertical_planks - any
quark:vertical_stained_planks - any


planksBloodwood


planksDarkwood


planksFusewood


planksGhostwood


plantBarley
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 11


plantBerrybush
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 5


plantBush
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 2


plantCattail
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:double_plant - 1


plantCloverpatch
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 10


plantDampgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 8


plantDeadgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 13


plantDeadleafpile
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 12


plantDesertgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 14


plantDesertsprouts
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 15


plantDevilweed
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 7


plantDunegrass
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 0


plantFlax
biomesoplenty:double_plant - 0


plantKoru
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 9


plantLeafpile
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 11


plantMediumgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 1


plantPoisonivy
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 4


plantRafflesia
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 10


plantReed
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 8


plantRivercane
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 5


plantRoot
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 9


plantShortgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 0


plantShrub
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 6


plantSpectralfern
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 1


plantSprout
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 3


plantThorn
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 2


plantTinycactus
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 6


plantWheatgrass
biomesoplenty:plant_0 - 7


plantWildrice
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 3


plateAdvancedAlloy


plateAlumite


plateArdite


plateCarbon


plateCobalt


plateGold


plateIron


plateKnightslime


plateManyullyn


platePigiron


plateSteel


portionFish


portionMeat


pressurePlateWood
minecraft:wooden_pressure_plate - 0
quark:spruce_pressure_plate - 0
quark:birch_pressure_plate - 0
quark:jungle_pressure_plate - 0
quark:acacia_pressure_plate - 0
quark:dark_oak_pressure_plate - 0


prismarine
minecraft:prismarine - any


quicksilver


record
minecraft:record_13 - 0
minecraft:record_cat - 0
minecraft:record_blocks - 0
minecraft:record_chirp - 0
minecraft:record_far - 0
minecraft:record_mall - 0
minecraft:record_mellohi - 0
minecraft:record_stal - 0
minecraft:record_strad - 0
minecraft:record_ward - 0
minecraft:record_11 - 0
minecraft:record_wait - 0
biomesoplenty:record_wanderer - 0


rodStone
tconstruct:stone_stick - any


salmonRaw
minecraft:salmon - 0
minecraft:fish - 0


sand
minecraft:sand - any
biomesoplenty:white_sand - 0


sandstone
minecraft:sandstone - any
minecraft:red_sandstone - any
biomesoplenty:white_sandstone - 0


scaleGuardian


seedAgave
harvestcraft:agaveseeditem - 0


seedAmaranth
harvestcraft:amaranthseeditem - 0


seedArrowroot
harvestcraft:arrowrootseeditem - 0


seedArtichoke
harvestcraft:artichokeseeditem - 0


seedAsparagus
harvestcraft:asparagusseeditem - 0


seedBambooshoot
harvestcraft:bambooshootseeditem - 0


seedBarley
harvestcraft:barleyseeditem - 0


seedBean
harvestcraft:beanseeditem - 0


seedBeet
harvestcraft:beetseeditem - 0
minecraft:beetroot_seeds - 0


seedBellpepper
harvestcraft:bellpepperseeditem - 0


seedBlackberry
harvestcraft:blackberryseeditem - 0


seedBlueberry
harvestcraft:blueberryseeditem - 0


seedBroccoli
harvestcraft:broccoliseeditem - 0


seedBrusselsprout
harvestcraft:brusselsproutseeditem - 0


seedCabbage
harvestcraft:cabbageseeditem - 0


seedCactusfruit
harvestcraft:cactusfruitseeditem - 0


seedCandleberry
harvestcraft:candleberryseeditem - 0


seedCantaloupe
harvestcraft:cantaloupeseeditem - 0


seedCassava
harvestcraft:cassavaseeditem - 0


seedCauliflower
harvestcraft:cauliflowerseeditem - 0


seedCelery
harvestcraft:celeryseeditem - 0


seedChickpea
harvestcraft:chickpeaseeditem - 0


seedChilipepper
harvestcraft:chilipepperseeditem - 0


seedCoffee
harvestcraft:coffeeseeditem - 0


seedCorn
harvestcraft:cornseeditem - 0


seedCotton
harvestcraft:cottonseeditem - 0


seedCranberry
harvestcraft:cranberryseeditem - 0


seedCucumber
harvestcraft:cucumberseeditem - 0


seedCurryleaf
harvestcraft:curryleafseeditem - 0


seedEggplant
harvestcraft:eggplantseeditem - 0


seedElderberry
harvestcraft:elderberryseeditem - 0


seedFlax
harvestcraft:flaxseeditem - 0


seedGarlic
harvestcraft:garlicseeditem - 0


seedGigapickle
harvestcraft:gigapickleseeditem - 0


seedGinger
harvestcraft:gingerseeditem - 0


seedGrape
harvestcraft:grapeseeditem - 0


seedGreengrape
harvestcraft:greengrapeseeditem - 0


seedHuckleberry
harvestcraft:huckleberryseeditem - 0


seedJicama
harvestcraft:jicamaseeditem - 0


seedJuniperberry
harvestcraft:juniperberryseeditem - 0


seedJute
harvestcraft:juteseeditem - 0


seedKale
harvestcraft:kaleseeditem - 0


seedKenaf
harvestcraft:kenafseeditem - 0


seedKiwi
harvestcraft:kiwiseeditem - 0


seedKohlrabi
harvestcraft:kohlrabiseeditem - 0


seedLeek
harvestcraft:leekseeditem - 0


seedLentil
harvestcraft:lentilseeditem - 0


seedLettuce
harvestcraft:lettuceseeditem - 0


seedMillet
harvestcraft:milletseeditem - 0


seedMulberry
harvestcraft:mulberryseeditem - 0


seedMustard
harvestcraft:mustardseeditem - 0


seedOats
harvestcraft:oatsseeditem - 0


seedOkra
harvestcraft:okraseeditem - 0


seedOnion
harvestcraft:onionseeditem - 0


seedParsnip
harvestcraft:parsnipseeditem - 0


seedPeanut
harvestcraft:peanutseeditem - 0


seedPeas
harvestcraft:peasseeditem - 0


seedPineapple
harvestcraft:pineappleseeditem - 0


seedQuinoa
harvestcraft:quinoaseeditem - 0


seedRadish
harvestcraft:radishseeditem - 0


seedRaspberry
harvestcraft:raspberryseeditem - 0


seedRhubarb
harvestcraft:rhubarbseeditem - 0


seedRice
harvestcraft:riceseeditem - 0


seedRutabaga
harvestcraft:rutabagaseeditem - 0


seedRye
harvestcraft:ryeseeditem - 0


seedScallion
harvestcraft:scallionseeditem - 0


seedSeaweed
harvestcraft:seaweedseeditem - 0


seedSesameseed
harvestcraft:sesameseedsseeditem - 0


seedSisal
harvestcraft:sisalseeditem - 0


seedSoybean
harvestcraft:soybeanseeditem - 0


seedSpiceleaf
harvestcraft:spiceleafseeditem - 0


seedSpinach
harvestcraft:spinachseeditem - 0


seedStrawberry
harvestcraft:strawberryseeditem - 0


seedSweetpotato
harvestcraft:sweetpotatoseeditem - 0


seedTaro
harvestcraft:taroseeditem - 0


seedTea
harvestcraft:teaseeditem - 0


seedTomatillo
harvestcraft:tomatilloseeditem - 0


seedTomato
harvestcraft:tomatoseeditem - 0


seedTurnip
harvestcraft:turnipseeditem - 0


seedWaterchestnut
harvestcraft:waterchestnutseeditem - 0


seedWhitemushroom
harvestcraft:whitemushroomseeditem - 0


seedWintersquash
harvestcraft:wintersquashseeditem - 0


seedZucchini
harvestcraft:zucchiniseeditem - 0


shardGlass
quark:glass_shards - 0


sheetHDPE


slabWood
minecraft:wooden_slab - any
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 0
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 1
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 2
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 3
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 0
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 1
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 2
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 3
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 5
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 6
biomesoplenty:wood_slab_1 - 7


slimeball
minecraft:slime_ball - 0
tconstruct:edible - 1
tconstruct:edible - 2
tconstruct:edible - 3
tconstruct:edible - 4
tconstruct:edible - 5
quark:slime_bucket - 0


slimeballBlood
tconstruct:edible - 3


slimeballBlue
tconstruct:edible - 1


slimeballGreen
minecraft:slime_ball - any


slimeballMagma
tconstruct:edible - 4


slimeballPink


slimeballPurple
tconstruct:edible - 2


slimecrystal
tconstruct:materials - 9
tconstruct:materials - 10
tconstruct:materials - 11


slimecrystalBlue
tconstruct:materials - 10


slimecrystalGreen
tconstruct:materials - 9


slimecrystalMagma
tconstruct:materials - 11


slimecrystalPink


stairWood
minecraft:oak_stairs - 0
minecraft:spruce_stairs - 0
minecraft:birch_stairs - 0
minecraft:jungle_stairs - 0
minecraft:acacia_stairs - 0
minecraft:dark_oak_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:sacred_oak_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:cherry_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:umbran_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:fir_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:ethereal_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:magic_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:mangrove_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:palm_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:redwood_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:willow_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:pine_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:hellbark_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:jacaranda_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:mahogany_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:ebony_stairs - 0
biomesoplenty:eucalyptus_stairs - 0


stickTreatedWood


stickWood
minecraft:stick - 0
biomesoplenty:bamboo - 0
biomesoplenty:plant_1 - 5


stone
minecraft:stone - 0


stoneAndesite
minecraft:stone - 5


stoneAndesitePolished
minecraft:stone - 6


stoneBasalt
quark:basalt - 0


stoneBasaltPolished
quark:basalt - 1


stoneBrimstone
quark:biome_cobblestone - 0


stoneBrimstonePolished
quark:biome_brick - 0


stoneDiorite
minecraft:stone - 3


stoneDioritePolished
minecraft:stone - 4


stoneGranite
minecraft:stone - 1


stoneGranitePolished
minecraft:stone - 2


stoneJasper
quark:jasper - 0


stoneJasperPolished
quark:jasper - 1


stoneLimestone
quark:limestone - 0


stoneLimestonePolished
quark:limestone - 1


stoneMarble
quark:marble - 0


stoneMarblePolished
quark:marble - 1


stonePermafrost
quark:biome_cobblestone - 1


stonePermafrostPolished
quark:biome_cobblestone - 1


stonePolished
quark:polished_stone - 0


stoneSlate
quark:slate - 0


stoneSlatePolished
quark:slate - 1


string
minecraft:string - 0


stringFluxed


sugarcane
minecraft:reeds - 0


tallow
quark:tallow - 0


toolBakeware
harvestcraft:bakewareitem - 0


toolCuttingboard
harvestcraft:cuttingboarditem - 0


toolJuicer
harvestcraft:juiceritem - 0


toolMixingbowl
harvestcraft:mixingbowlitem - 0


toolMortarandpestle
harvestcraft:mortarandpestleitem - 0


toolPot
harvestcraft:potitem - 0


toolSaucepan
harvestcraft:saucepanitem - 0


toolSkillet
harvestcraft:skilletitem - 0


torch
minecraft:torch - 0
tconstruct:stone_torch - any


trapdoorWood
minecraft:trapdoor - any
minecraft:trapdoor - 0
quark:spruce_trapdoor - 0
quark:birch_trapdoor - 0
quark:jungle_trapdoor - 0
quark:acacia_trapdoor - 0
quark:dark_oak_trapdoor - 0


treeLeaves
minecraft:leaves - any
minecraft:leaves2 - any
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_0 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_1 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_2 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_3 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_4 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 9
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 10
biomesoplenty:leaves_5 - 11
biomesoplenty:leaves_6 - 8
biomesoplenty:leaves_6 - 9
tconstruct:slime_leaves - any
quark:variant_leaves - any


treeSapling
minecraft:sapling - any
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 0
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 1
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 2
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 3
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 4
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 5
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 6
biomesoplenty:sapling_0 - 7
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 0
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 1
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 2
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 3
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 4
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 5
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 6
biomesoplenty:sapling_1 - 7
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 0
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 1
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 2
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 3
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 4
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 5
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 6
biomesoplenty:sapling_2 - 7
tconstruct:slime_sapling - any
harvestcraft:almond_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:apple_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:apricot_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:banana_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:cashew_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:cherry_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:chestnut_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:cinnamon_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:coconut_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:date_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:dragonfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:durian_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:fig_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:gooseberry_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:grapefruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:lemon_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:lime_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:mango_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:maple_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:nutmeg_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:olive_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:orange_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:papaya_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:paperbark_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:peach_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pear_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pecan_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:peppercorn_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:persimmon_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pistachio_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:plum_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pomegranate_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:starfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:vanillabean_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:hazelnut_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:pawpaw_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:soursop_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:breadfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:guava_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:jackfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:lychee_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:passionfruit_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:rambutan_sapling - 0
harvestcraft:tamarind_sapling - 0
quark:variant_sapling - any


vine
minecraft:vine - 0
minecraft:vine - any
tconstruct:slime_vine_blue - any
tconstruct:slime_vine_blue_mid - any
tconstruct:slime_vine_blue_end - any
tconstruct:slime_vine_purple - any
tconstruct:slime_vine_purple_mid - any
tconstruct:slime_vine_purple_end - any


witherBone


wool
minecraft:wool - any


woolBlack
minecraft:wool - 15


woolBlue
minecraft:wool - 11


woolBrown
minecraft:wool - 12


woolCyan
minecraft:wool - 9


woolGray
minecraft:wool - 7


woolGreen
minecraft:wool - 13


woolLightBlue
minecraft:wool - 3


woolLightGray
minecraft:wool - 8


woolLime
minecraft:wool - 5


woolMagenta
minecraft:wool - 2


woolOrange
minecraft:wool - 1


woolPink
minecraft:wool - 6


woolPurple
minecraft:wool - 10


woolRed
minecraft:wool - 14


woolWhite
minecraft:wool - 0


woolYellow
minecraft:wool - 4


workbench
minecraft:crafting_table - 0
minecraft:crafting_table - any
tconstruct:tooltables - 0


